    Gym Exercises Privacy Policy – Updated March 2019  This following document sets forth the Privacy Policy for the Gym Exercises Mobile Application.  Gym Exercises is committed to providing you with the best possible experience with their application. Gym Exercises is bound by the Privacy Act 1988  which sets out a number of principles concerning the privacy of individuals. Collection of your personal information  There are many aspects of the application which can be viewed without providing personal information  however  for access to vote and save exercises you are required to submit personally identifiable information to create an account. This may include but not limited to a unique username and password  or provide sensitive information in the recovery of your lost password. If you choose to sign up using Facebook we will collect your full name and email address to authenticate with their servers. Sharing of your personal information  We may occasionally hire other companies to provide services on our behalf  including but not limited to handling customer support enquiries or processing transactions. Those companies will be permitted to obtain only the personal information they need to deliver the service. Gym Exercises takes reasonable steps to ensure that these organisations are bound by confidentiality and privacy obligations in relation to the protection of your personal information. Use of your personal information  For each user of the application  we collect the following non-personally identifiable information  including but not limited to:  Device token  locale identifier  timeZone  app version  firebase instance and instance ID. This collected information is used solely internally for the purpose of gauging visitor traffic  trends and delivering personalized content to you.  From time to time  we may use customer information for new  unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future we will use for these new purposes only  data collected from the time of the policy change forward will adhere to our updated practices. Changes to this Privacy Policy  Gym Exercises reserves the right to make amendments to this Privacy Policy at any time. If you have objections to the Privacy Policy  you should not use the application. Accessing Your Personal Information  You have a right to access your personal information  subject to exceptions allowed by law. If you would like to do so  please let us know. You may be required to put your request in writing for security reasons. Gym Exercises reserves the right to charge a fee for searching for  and providing access to  your information on a per request basis. Contacting us  Gym Exercises welcomes your comments regarding this Privacy Policy. If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy and would like further information  please contact us.  E-mail: adamis1st@hotmail.com This site was designed with the .com website builder. Create your website today. Start Now     