   Privacy Policy  At Bite AI  Inc. (“Bite AI”)  we are committed to protecting your privacy. Our goal in writing this Privacy Policy is to help you understand the information we collect and how it is used.  If you have questions about this Policy or suggestions for its improvement  please let us know at support@bite.ai .  Information We Collect  We collect information about you in several ways:  Information You Give Us  When you sign up for Bite AI’s services  we ask for personal information such as your name  email address  and other contact information. You can also choose to provide demographic information such as your age  height  weight  and dietary preferences. In the course of using Bite AI’s services  you may choose to give us additional information such as the nutritional content of the food you eat and your physical activities.  You can also choose to give Bite AI permission to access your information stored in third-party services such as Facebook or Twitter. This may include your profile as well as friend lists  contacts  and other information.  Technical Information  When you visit Bite AI’s websites or use our mobile applications  our servers automatically collect and store some basic information. This may include your Internet Protocol (IP) address  the date and time of your visit  information about your computer or mobile device (e.g.  type and version of web browser  operating system  and screen resolution)  and the address of the page on our website or screen in our mobile application that you visited.  In some of our services  Bite AI uses “cookies” (small files that your browser downloads from websites and sends back with subsequent requests). We use a third-party analytics provider  such as Google Analytics  to analyze data from cookies. This provider does not receive personally identifiable information through these cookies.  Information From Our Mobile Applications  When using our mobile applications  you can choose to give us permission to access your location data. This allows us to provide content and suggestions based on where you are. You can also sign up to receive notifications. To ensure that these notifications reach the correct devices  we store a token unique to your mobile device on our servers.  You can also choose to provide our mobile applications with health and activity data from services such as HealthKit and Google Fit. We do not use this information for marketing or advertising  and we will not share it with any third parties unless you ask us to or we are required to do so by law. If  at any time  you wish to stop sharing this data with us  you can do so by changing the settings on your mobile device.  How Information Is Used  Protected  and Shared  The information we collect is used to provide our services to you; to better understand how you’re using our services; to improve existing services and develop new ones; and to protect you and others.  If you have provided us with your email address or other contact information  we may occasionally use it to send you updates  marketing materials  or other content that you may be interested in. You can modify the type and frequency of content you receive at any time.  Bite AI uses industry standard Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology to encrypt all personally identifiable information transmitted between our servers and our mobile applications or visitors’ web browsers. We only store personally identifiable information on our servers if we believe it’s necessary for the development or operation of our services. Please note that these servers may be located outside of your home country.  Content that you choose to share publicly will be visible to everyone  including our partners  other users of our services  and search engines.  Unless you have shared it publicly  your personal information will only be shared with third parties in the following circumstances:   When we have your consent. For example  if you decide to post content to Facebook  we will share information necessary to create the post with Facebook.  If we believe we are required to do so by law  for example to comply with a subpoena or court order.  To protect the safety  rights  or property of Bite AI or its employees  its users  or the public; or to prevent  investigate  or otherwise address fraud or security issues.   We may also share aggregated or non-personally identifiable information with partners or the public  for example by publishing a report on the popularity of various foods across different geographic regions.  Children and Privacy  Bite AI does not intend to solicit information of any kind from children under age 13. If you believe that we have received information from or about children under age 13  please contact us at support@bite.ai .  Business Transfer  In the event that Bite AI engages in a merger  acquisition  dissolution or similar transaction  user information may be transferred to or acquired by a third party that may continue to use the information as set forth in this Policy.  Changes  Although most changes are likely to be minor  Bite AI may change its Privacy Policy from time to time  and in Bite AI’s sole discretion. Your continued use of Bite AI’s services after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change. For significant changes  we will notify you by email or by placing a prominent notice on our website.  Effective: April 18  2016  Based in part on the Automattic Privacy Policy under a CC BY-SA 4.0 license.  