      Meals  Supplements  Gear  Gym  My KHF  Onyx + Rose CBD  Macro Calculator    Workouts  Results  Katy    Get the Fit By Katy® App    CHECK OUT THE NEW WEBSITE    Meals  Supplements  Gear  Gym  My KHF  Onyx + Rose CBD  Macro Calculator  Workouts  Results  Katy  Get the Fit By Katy® App     menu   Online Privacy Policy  Date Last Revised: December 10  2017  This Privacy Policy (this “Policy”) describes the information that Katy Hearn gathers from you  how we use and disclose your information  and the steps we take to protect your information on our Site  App  and Services. When you utilize the Site  App  and Services  including when you sign up for an account on the App or are generally exploring the Site  you agree to this Privacy Policy and the Terms of Use.  Thank you for your interest in Katy Hearn’s Site  App  and Services. Your privacy is important to Katy Hearn Fitness LLC and Katy.Ai LLC (collectively  “Katy Hearn”  “us”  “our”  or “we”). By using the Site or App  you consent to the privacy practices described in this Policy. This Policy is incorporated into and is subject to the Terms of Use. Capitalized terms that are not defined in the Policy have the meaning given to them in the Terms of Use.  If you have questions or issue with our Policy or practices  please contact us at support@fitbykaty.com .  1. The information that we collect.  The information we collect from you can be divided into the following general categories:  1.1 User-provided Information. When you use the Service or App  you may provide and we may collect what is generally called “personally identifiable” information  such as your name and email address  mailing address  mobile phone number  photographs  and demographic information such as age  education  gender  interests  and location. For example  you may provide us with personally identifiable information when you register for an account  use the Service or App  post User Content  interact with other users of the Service through communication or messaging features  or send us customer service related requests. Unless you specifically request otherwise prior to submitting your pictures to Katy Hearn  you grant Katy Hearn a lifetime  royaltyfree  worldwide license to use the photographs for marketing pictures you submit to Us.  1.2 Facebook and Facebook Messenger-Provided Information. We collect Facebook and Facebook Messenger account and access information from you for the purposes of connecting to the Facebook API and to authenticate access to information on the Site and App. We may store or log messages or information from your Facebook activity with Katy Hearn and we may access past or archived messages between you and Katy Hearn  including storing nutritional data and other inputs by you. We may use certain personal information from your Facebook account such as your name  age  sex  country  and possibly other personal information that your privacy settings on your Facebook account permit us to access.  1.3 Cookies and Tracking Technologies. We use technologies such as cookies  beacons  tags and scripts (“Technologies”). Our partners  affiliates  analytics  and service providers (e.g. online customer support provider  analytics provider  etc.) may use the same Technologies and additional technologies. These technologies are used to analyze trends  administer the site  track users’ movements around the site  and gather demographic information about you and our entire user base. We may receive reports based on the use of these technologies by these companies on an individual and/or aggregated basis. By utilizing these technologies  we can better serve you. Currently  our website does not respond to browser “do not track” signals; however  if you choose  you can set your website browser to inform you when cookies are sent or you may choose not to accept cookies. Your decision not to accept cookies could limit access to some of the Services and offers that are available on our website. For example  we use cookies for authentication and to remember your preferences. Users can control the use of cookies at the individual browser level. If you reject cookies  you may still use our site  but your ability to use some features or areas of our site may be limited.  1.4 Health Application Aggregation. In order for you to benefit from the full functionality of our Services  our Services request access to your health  diet  nutrition  and exercise information (“Health Information”) contained in related applications  account data  and other stored information. We may use a third party service provider to facilitate the collection of your data from third party websites and mobile applications  including  but not limited to  accessing your account data  activity  and retrieving your Health Information. We do not store your account login information.  1.5 Log files. As is true of most websites  we gather certain information automatically and store it in log files. This information may include internet protocol (IP) addresses  browser type  internet service provider (ISP)  referring/exit pages  operating system  date/time stamp  and/or clickstream data. We may combine this automatically collected log information with other information we collect about you. We do this to improve services we offer you  to improve marketing  analytics  or site functionality.  1.6 Local Storage (HTML5). Third parties with whom we partner to provide certain features on our site or to display advertising based upon your Web browsing activity use local storage (LS) such as HTML5 to collect and store information. Various browsers may offer their own management tools for removing HTML5 LS.  1.7 Information from Other Sources. We may also obtain information  including personally identifiable information  from third parties and sources other than the Service  such as our partners or advertisers. We may also  at your direction  receive information from third party services that provide a mechanism to share information you have provided to such third party through the use of an application program interface (API)  such as Facebook Messenger or the Twitter API. If we combine or associate information from other sources with personally identifiable information that we collect through the Service  we will treat the combined information as personally identifiable information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.  2. We limit the uses for the information we collect.  Your information is an integral part of our operations  and we use it in a variety of ways in providing the Service and operating our business. Our primary uses of the data you submit to us are responding to your requests and serving you better. We may use your Personal Data in the following ways:  i. to operate  maintain  enhance  and provide you with the Services;  ii. to personalize the features  performance  and support of the Services for your use;  iii. to send you administrative notifications  such as security  support  or maintenance advisories;  iv. to respond to your inquiries;  v. to send you promotional or marketing information  newsletters  surveys  offers  and other information;  vi. to provide you with opportunities and functionality that we think would be of particular interest to you;  vii. to improve the quality of the Site  App  and the Services;  viii. to analyze  benchmark and conduct research on user data and user interactions with the Services;  ix. to address intellectual property infringement  right of privacy violations or defamation issues related to your User Content posted on the Service or to send you promotional messages related to the Service and the activities of third parties we work with;  x. share with our marketing partners and affiliated companies  including current and future entities associated with Katy Hearn; and   xi. other legal business activities.  3. How we disclose your information.  We do not sell your personally identifiable information to third parties  and we only share your personally identifiable information with third parties in the ways that are described in this Privacy Policy. We may disclose your personally identifiable information and other information we collect in some circumstances in connection with providing the Service and the operation of our business. For example:  3.1 Any information  including personally identifiable information  that you voluntarily choose to include in a publicly accessible area of the Service will be available to anyone who has access to that content  including other users. You can control what personally identifiable information that you choose to be publicly accessible by adjusting your account settings.  3.2 We work with third party service providers to provide website  application development  hosting  maintenance  and other services for us. To the extent it is necessary for these third party service providers to complete their contractual obligations to us  these third parties may have access to or process your personally identifiable information. Generally  these disclosures are made under terms comparable to this Policy  and the recipients are limited to using the information the purpose for which it was provided. These companies are authorized to use your personally identifiable information only as necessary to provide these services to us.  3.3 We make certain automatically collected and other aggregate non-personally-identifiable information available to third parties  to: (i) comply with various reporting obligations; (ii) for business or marketing purposes; or (iii) to assist such parties in understanding our users’ interests  habits  and usage patterns for certain programs  content  services  advertisements  promotions  and/or functionality available through the Service.  3.4 With your explicit permission  we may make your personally identifiable information available to third parties: (i) for business or marketing purposes; or (ii) to assist such parties in understanding our users’ interests  habits  and usage patterns for certain programs  content  services  advertisements  promotions  and/or functionality available through the Service. If  after providing your explicit permission  you decide you no longer want your personally identifiable information shared with third parties in this manner  you can opt out by contacting us at support@fitbykaty.com .  3.5 We may also disclose your information if required to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with state and federal laws (such as U.S. Copyright law)  in response to a court order  judicial or other government subpoena or warrant  or to otherwise cooperate with law enforcement activity.  3.6 We also reserve the right to disclose your information that we believe  in good faith  is appropriate or necessary to take precautions against liability; to protect us and others from fraudulent  abusive  or unlawful uses or activity; to investigate and defend ourselves against any third party claims or allegations; to assist government enforcement agencies; to protect the security or integrity of the Service; or to protect the rights  property  or personal safety of us  our users  or others.  3.7 In the event that all or a portion of Katy Hearn or its assets are acquired by or merged with a third party entity  we reserve the right  in any of these circumstances  to transfer or assign the information that we have collected from users in connection with such merger  acquisition  sale  or other change of control. You will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our Site of any change in ownership or uses of your personal information  as well as any choices you may have regarding your personally identifiable information.  4. You can control your information.  You have the ability to opt-out of receiving any promotional email communications from us through opt out links provided in the messages. To opt out of push notifications  please change settings at the device level or go to the app settings page. You may opt-out of receiving these marketing messages from us and from third parties at any time by contacting us at support@fitbykaty.com .  Additionally  you may update  correct  or delete your profile information and preferences at any time by accessing your account preferences page through the Service. Please note that while your changes are reflected promptly in active user databases  we may retain all information you submit for a variety of purposes  including backups and archiving  prevention of fraud and abuse  and analytics. We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services. We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations  resolve disputes  and enforce our agreements.  5. Third Party Services.  The Service may contain features or links to websites and services provided by third parties. Any personally identifiable information you provide on third party sites or services is provided directly to that third party and is subject to that third party’s policies  if any  governing privacy and security  even if accessed through the Site  App  or Service. We are not responsible for the content or privacy and security practices and policies of third party sites or services to which links or access are provided through the Site or Service. We encourage you to learn about third parties’ privacy and security policies before providing them with personally identifiable information.  Our Site includes Social Media Features  such as the Facebook Like button and Widgets  such as the Share this button or interactive mini-programs that run on our site. These Features may collect your IP address  which page you are visiting on our site  and may set a cookie to enable the Feature to function properly. Social Media Features and Widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Site. Your interactions with these Features are governed by the Privacy Policy of the company providing it.  Our Web site offers publicly accessible blogs or community forums. Information that you provide in these areas may be read  collected  and used by others who access them. To request removal of your personal information from our blog or community forum  contact us at support@fitbykaty.com . In some cases  we may not be able to remove your personal information  in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why. Alternatively  if you used a third party application to post such information  you can remove it  by either logging into the said application and removing the information or by contacting the appropriate third party application.  6. Our Commitment to Children’s Privacy.  Protecting the privacy of young children is especially important. For that reason  we do not allow children under 13 years of age to use the Service or knowingly collect or maintain personally identifiable information from persons under 13 years of age  and no part of the Service is directed to persons under 13 years of age. If you are under 13 years of age  then please do not use or access Service at any time or in any manner. If we learn that personally identifiable information has been collected on the Service from persons under 13 years of age then we will take the appropriate steps to delete this information. If you are a parent or guardian and discover that your child under 13 years of age has obtained an account on the Service  then you may alert us at support@fitbykaty.com and request that we delete that child’s personally identifiable information from our systems.  7. Our Commitment to Data Security.  We use certain physical  managerial  and technical safeguards that are designed to improve the integrity and security of your personally identifiable information. We have a data security policy in place that we regularly test. Our security policy utilizes bank-level encryption and other security measures  such as SSL  to protect sensitive information from hackers and unauthorized parties. We cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us or store on the Service  and you do so at your own risk. WE HEREBY DISCLAIM ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES. YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT YOU UTILIZE THE SITE  APP  AND SERVICES AT YOUR OWN RISK AND ON AN “AS IS” BASIS. We also cannot guarantee that such information may not be accessed  disclosed  altered  or destroyed by breach of any of our physical  technical  or managerial safeguards. If we learn of a security systems breach  then we may attempt to notify you electronically so that you can take appropriate protective steps. We may post a notice through the Service if a security breach occurs. Depending on where you live  you may have a legal right to receive notice of a security breach in writing.  8. Privacy Settings.  Although we may allow you to adjust your privacy settings to limit access to your information  please be aware that no security measures are perfect or impenetrable. We cannot control the actions of other users with whom you may choose to share your information. Therefore  we cannot and do not guarantee that information you post on the Service will not be viewed by unauthorized persons. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the Website. You understand and acknowledge that  even after removal  copies of information that you have posted may remain viewable in cached and archived pages or if other users have copied or stored such information.  9. International Visitors.  The Service is hosted in the United States and is intended solely for visitors located within the United States. If you choose to use the Service from the European Union or other regions of the world with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from U.S. law  then please note that you are transferring your personally identifiable information outside of those regions to the United States for storage and processing  and by providing your personally identifiable information on the Site  App  or Service you consent to that transfer  storage  and processing  and the terms of our Terms of Use and this Privacy Policy.  10. Changes and Updates to this Privacy Policy.  Please revisit this page periodically to stay abreast of any changes to this Privacy Policy  which may be revised periodically at our sole discretion  as provided in Section 10 of the Terms of Use. If we modify the Privacy Policy  we will make it available through the Service and indicate the date of the latest revision. In the event that the modifications materially alter your rights or obligations hereunder  we will make reasonable efforts to notify you of the change prior to the change becoming effective. For example  we may send a message to your e-mail address  if we have one on file  or generate a pop-up or similar notification when you access the Service for the first time after such material changes are made. Our amended Privacy Policy will automatically take effect after it is made available through the Service. If you do not agree with any changes to the Privacy Policy  you may terminate your account and stop using the Service. Your continued use of the Service after the revised Privacy Policy has become effective indicates that you have read  understood and agreed to the current version of the Privacy Policy.  Contact us with any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy  your personally identifiable information  our use and disclosure practices  or your consent choices by e-mail at support@fitbykaty.com or by mail to Katy.Ai LLC  1900 Plantside Drive  Louisville  KY 40223.    Want to see exclusive Katy content daily?  Get the Fit By Katy® App      Make Your Inbox Happy    Email  Sign Me Up       Dream. Believe. Achieve.   Results    Katy    Macro Calculator    Workouts    Challenge    Promo    Build A Booty  Katy Brands    Meals    Gym    Gear    Supplements      ©2020 Katy Hearn Fit.  Privacy Policy  Refund Policy  Disclaimer  Terms of Service  Site Map  Site Info               