  Best Abs Fitness Application Privacy Policy  We at Kalrom Systems LTD (“we”) respect your privacy and value the relationship we have with you.  Your use of this application is subject to this Privacy Policy.  Your use of Facebook in general and your relationship with Facebook are subject to Facebook’s own Privacy Policy and Facebook’s other terms and policies  which we do not control.  This Privacy Policy describes how Best Abs Fitness may use the information we collect with this application and with whom we may share it. Information We Collect We collect personal information which Facebook gathers to our Facebook app when you use our mobile application : information and content we receive from Facebook that was provided by you or other users to Facebook or was associated by Facebook with a particular user (“Information We Receive From Facebook”)  Information We Receive From Facebook When you visit the application  it may collect any information that is visible to “Everyone” on Facebook as well as the information Facebook designates as your publicly available information.  This includes your name  profile picture  gender  current city  networks  friend list  and pages you are a fan of. Even if you have not allowed this application access  it may collect Information We Receive From Facebook about you when friends on Facebook allow access to and use the application  subject to your Facebook settings. We use this information to operate the application  such as posting to your wall or sharing with other users. We may share this information on your wall or with other users without your explicit approval. Firebase is an app analysis service provided by Google. Google utilizes the data collected to track and examine the use of Best Abs Fitness   to prepare reports on its activities and share them with other Google services. Google may use the data collected to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.  Personal data collected: Cookie and Usage Data. Place of processing: USA. Find Google's privacy policy here: http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/ Workout information is collected as well  and some or all of it might be shared with people within the app. Chat messages are also saved and shared as well as chat pictures. Independent Information The application may ask you to explicitly provide certain information to us  such as your email address from a pre-defined list to send to your friends. We generally use Independent Information for the same purposes as we use Information We Receive From Facebook.  How We Share Information We Receive From Facebook We do not share any information with any third parties  but we do not control Facebook’s own use of content and information it collects in relation to your use of this application.  We may disclose any Information We Receive From Facebook we deem necessary  in our sole discretion  to comply with any applicable law  regulation  legal process or governmental request. In addition  we may disclose Information We Receive From Facebook when we believe  in our sole discretion  disclosure is necessary or appropriate to prevent physical harm or financial loss or in connection with suspected or actual illegal activity. Updates To This Privacy Policy This Privacy Policy may be updated periodically and without prior notice to you to reflect changes in our personal information practices. How to Contact Us If you have any questions or comments about this privacy notice  please contact us by email at support@KalromSystems.com.  