    fitness woman General Privacy Policy    Effective Date: Januar 10  2019  Last Updated Date: Januar 10  2019    Fitness women is an online fitness application  which gives our users     and community members to create their own fitness profiles with unique     workout sets and plans. Moreover  members can share their workouts with     other people via social media accounts if they want. In that case  part     of the personal information will be seen by other people. However      users can change  add  or remove personal information and have control     on what others see  including their fitness results. Fitness women     seriously takes care about security and safety of its members      and ensures that the personal information provided stays safe and     confidential. The company guarantees that it does not sell  rent or     trade the data gathered from the customers.  Data Gathered by Fitness women  The information the company collects  helps to enrich the user experience     and to the further development of the application. Fitness women collects     personal information when you sign up for an account. The information includes     data such as name  gender and age  geographical location. We require other personal     fitness information  such as height  personal habits  meal details and program     progress  and anything you choose to track and keep records of. We collect this     information so that we can provide a good personalized plan for your successful     training results. You can choose not to provide any information that is affirmatively     requested of you. However  this may limit your ability to use the service. We     require your email address during the registration  so that we can contact you     regarding the Fitness women  such as news  notifications  updates or new product     or service announcements.  Cookies Information:  When you visit fwomen.me or other websites regarding the service  we may send     one or more cookies — a small text file containing a string of alphanumeric     characters — to your computer that uniquely identifies your browser and allows     the Company to help you log in faster and enhance your navigation through the     site. The user can reset the web browser to deny all cookies or to indicate when     a cookie is being sent. But  some features of the service may not be available     or function right in case of the denial of cookies.  Log File Information:  Log file information is automatically reported by the browser every time you     visit the web site. When you register with or access the web page  the servers     will record particular information that your browser sends automatically. The     information may include web request  Internet Protocol (“IP”) address  browser type      referring/exit pages and URLs  number of clicks  domain names  landing pages  pages     viewed  and other such information.  Updating or Editing Information  User can change  add or remove any their personal information any time they want  by logging into     their account  through Edit Profile or Account Settings. Through the email communication the user     will be updated about news  new products  special offers and more. The users are able to unsubscribe     from the e-newsletter opportunity  following the instructions at the bottom of the email.  Links to Other Sites  Fitness women application and website may contain other third party links  for which privacy     practices the company is not responsible. The user should read or refer to the privacy policies of     that third party.  Privacy Policy Change  From time to time we may make changes to our privacy policy. If we alter our privacy policy in any     way we will post those changes here. If we make any substantial changes in the way we use your     personal data  we will post those changes on our fwomen.me website. When you use the fwomen.me sites     to provide personally identifiable information  you consent to the collection and use of that     information in accordance with this privacy policy. If you have any concerns  questions  regarding     this policy  feel free to contact us at [email protected]  