    Privacy Policy   Protecting your privacy is important to us. We hope the following statement will help you understand how our app deals with the personal identifiable information ('PII') you may occasionally provide to us via Internet (the Google Play Platform).  Generally  we do not collect any PII from you when you download our Android applications. To be specific  we do not require the consumers to get registered before downloading the application  nor do we keep track of the consumers' visits of our application  we even don't have a Server to store such PII.  Information we collect  Cookies ( Webview browser cookies) - When you visit Forum service  we may send one or more cookies ? files with small amount of data that is commonly used an anonymous unique identifier ?to your mobile device that uniquely identifies your device and allows the application to help you log in faster and enhance your navigation through the Forum. You can reset your web browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. If you choose to refuse our cookies  you may not be able to use some portions of this Service.  Analytics - Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website/app traffic. Google uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our Service. This data is shared with other Google services. Google may use the collected data to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.  Advertising - By using our Website/Apps  you may be offered advertising content by google admob  Health Kit- You will also have an option to permit us to import health data into the App from third-party services such as Google Fit. Permitting us to access third party information can help you to maximize your App experience  and we will handle any such third-party information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.  og file - The only situation we may get access to your PII is when you personally decide to email us your feedback or to provide us with a bug log report. The PII we may get from you in that situation are strictly limited to your name  email address  device information  location Information and your survey response only.  How we use your information  In above situation  we guarantee that your PII will only be used for contacting you and improving our services. We will never use such information (e.g. your name and email address) for any other purposes  such as to further market our products  or to disclose your personal information to a third party for commercial gains.  Contact Us  It should be noted that whether or not to send us your feedback or bug report is a completely voluntary initiative upon your own decision. If you have concern about your PII being misused  or if you want further information about our privacy policy and what it means  please feel free to email us at [email protected]   we will endeavor to provide clear answers to your questions in a timely manner.    