     Privacy Policy of Trybe  This Application collects some Personal Data from its Users.  This document can be printed for reference by using the print command in the settings of any browser.  Policy summary    Personal Data collected for the following purposes and using the following services:   Analytics    Google Analytics  Personal Data: Cookies; Usage Data    Contacting the User    Mailing list or newsletter  Personal Data: email address; first name; gender; last name; state; Usage Data; ZIP/Postal code    Information Shared with Creators    Content commenting    Comment system managed directly  Personal Data: first name; last name; Usage Data; username    Displaying content from external platforms    Google Fonts  Personal Data: Usage Data; various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service    Hosting and backend infrastructure    Firebase Legacy  Personal Data: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service    Registration and authentication    Auth0  Personal Data: Cookies; email address; first name; last name; password; picture; various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service    Direct registration  Personal Data: email address; first name; last name; profile picture; username    Instagram Authentication and Facebook Authentication  Personal Data: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service    Social features    Public profile  Personal Data: first name; gender; last name; picture; username    Inviting and suggesting friends  Personal Data: various types of Data     Further information about Personal Data   Push notifications  This Application may send push notifications to the User to achieve the purposes outlined in this privacy policy.  Users may in most cases opt-out of receiving push notifications by visiting their device settings  such as the notification settings for mobile phones  and then change those settings for this Application  some or all of the apps on the particular device. Users must be aware that disabling push notifications may negatively affect the utility of this Application.  Selling goods and services online  The Personal Data collected are used to provide the User with services or to sell goods  including payment and possible delivery. The Personal Data collected to complete the payment may include the credit card  the bank account used for the transfer  or any other means of payment envisaged. The kind of Data collected by this Application depends on the payment system used.  Unique device identification  This Application may track Users by storing a unique identifier of their device  for analytics purposes or for storing Users' preferences.  The Service is not directed to children under the age of 13  Users declare themselves to be adult according to their applicable legislation. Minors may use this Application only with the assistance of a parent or guardian. Under no circumstance persons under the age of 13 may use this Application.   Contact information   Owner and Data Controller  trybe Inc. - 19 Farm Ln  Burlingame  CA 94010  Owner contact email: vince@trybe.do  Full policy Owner and Data Controller  trybe Inc. - 19 Farm Ln  Burlingame  CA 94010  Owner contact email: vince@trybe.do    Types of Data collected  Among the types of Personal Data that this Application collects  by itself or through third parties  there are:     Cookies; Usage Data; email address; first name; last name; state; ZIP/Postal code; gender; username; password; picture; profile picture; various types of Data.  Complete details on each type of Personal Data collected are provided in the dedicated sections of this privacy policy or by specific explanation texts displayed prior to the Data collection. Personal Data may be freely provided by the User  or  in case of Usage Data  collected automatically when using this Application. Unless specified otherwise  all Data requested by this Application is mandatory and failure to provide this Data may make it impossible for this Application to provide its services. In cases where this Application specifically states that some Data is not mandatory  Users are free not to communicate this Data without consequences to the availability or the functioning of the Service. Users who are uncertain about which Personal Data is mandatory are welcome to contact the Owner. Any use of Cookies – or of other tracking tools – by this Application or by the owners of third-party services used by this Application serves the purpose of providing the Service required by the User  in addition to any other purposes described in the present document and in the Cookie Policy  if available.  Users are responsible for any third-party Personal Data obtained  published or shared through this Application and confirm that they have the third party's consent to provide the Data to the Owner.    Mode and place of processing the Data  Methods of processing  The Owner takes appropriate security measures to prevent unauthorized access  disclosure  modification  or unauthorized destruction of the Data. The Data processing is carried out using computers and/or IT enabled tools  following organizational procedures and modes strictly related to the purposes indicated. In addition to the Owner  in some cases  the Data may be accessible to certain types of persons in charge  involved with the operation of this Application (administration  sales  marketing  legal  system administration) or external parties (such as third-party technical service providers  mail carriers  hosting providers  IT companies  communications agencies) appointed  if necessary  as Data Processors by the Owner. The updated list of these parties may be requested from the Owner at any time.  Legal basis of processing  The Owner may process Personal Data relating to Users if one of the following applies:   Users have given their consent for one or more specific purposes. Note: Under some legislations the Owner may be allowed to process Personal Data until the User objects to such processing (“opt-out”)  without having to rely on consent or any other of the following legal bases. This  however  does not apply  whenever the processing of Personal Data is subject to European data protection law;  provision of Data is necessary for the performance of an agreement with the User and/or for any pre-contractual obligations thereof;  processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which the Owner is subject;  processing is related to a task that is carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in the Owner;  processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by the Owner or by a third party.   In any case  the Owner will gladly help to clarify the specific legal basis that applies to the processing  and in particular whether the provision of Personal Data is a statutory or contractual requirement  or a requirement necessary to enter into a contract.  Place  The Data is processed at the Owner's operating offices and in any other places where the parties involved in the processing are located. Depending on the User's location  data transfers may involve transferring the User's Data to a country other than their own. To find out more about the place of processing of such transferred Data  Users can check the section containing details about the processing of Personal Data.  Users are also entitled to learn about the legal basis of Data transfers to a country outside the European Union or to any international organization governed by public international law or set up by two or more countries  such as the UN  and about the security measures taken by the Owner to safeguard their Data. If any such transfer takes place  Users can find out more by checking the relevant sections of this document or inquire with the Owner using the information provided in the contact section.  Retention time  Personal Data shall be processed and stored for as long as required by the purpose they have been collected for.  Therefore:   Personal Data collected for purposes related to the performance of a contract between the Owner and the User shall be retained until such contract has been fully performed.  Personal Data collected for the purposes of the Owner’s legitimate interests shall be retained as long as needed to fulfill such purposes. Users may find specific information regarding the legitimate interests pursued by the Owner within the relevant sections of  this document or by contacting the Owner.   The Owner may be allowed to retain Personal Data for a longer period whenever the User has given consent to such processing  as long as such consent is not withdrawn. Furthermore  the Owner may be obliged to retain Personal Data for a longer period whenever required to do so for the performance of a legal obligation or upon order of an authority. Once the retention period expires  Personal Data shall be deleted. Therefore  the right to access  the right to erasure  the right to rectification and the right to data portability cannot be enforced after expiration of the retention period.    The purposes of processing  The Data concerning the User is collected to allow the Owner to provide its Service  comply with its legal obligations  respond to enforcement requests  protect its rights and interests (or those of its Users or third parties)  detect any malicious or fraudulent activity  as well as the following:     Analytics  Contacting the User  Content commenting  Displaying content from external platforms  Hosting and backend infrastructure  Registration and authentication and Social features.  For specific information about the Personal Data used for each purpose  the User may refer to the section “Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data”.    Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data  Personal Data is collected for the following purposes and using the following services: Analytics   The services contained in this section enable the Owner to monitor and analyze web traffic and can be used to keep track of User behavior.  Google Analytics (Google Inc.)   Google Analytics is a web analysis service provided by Google LLC or by Google Ireland Limited  depending on the location this Application is accessed from  (“Google”). Google utilizes the Data collected to track and examine the use of this Application  to prepare reports on its activities and share them with other Google services. Google may use the Data collected to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.  Personal Data processed: Cookies; Usage Data. Place of processing: US – Privacy Policy – Opt Out . Privacy Shield participant.   Contacting the User   Mailing list or newsletter (This Application)   By registering on the mailing list or for the newsletter  the User’s email address will be added to the contact list of those who may receive email messages containing information of commercial or promotional nature concerning this Application. Your email address might also be added to this list as a result of signing up to this Application or after making a purchase.  Personal Data processed: email address; first name; gender; last name; state; Usage Data; ZIP/Postal code. Information Shared with Creators  By becoming a Member of a Creator  which is defined in Trybe's Terms of Use  you agree to have the following information shared with that Creator: - your email address and other profile information you’ve provided - any messages you send creators through Trybe - all information about your purchase  such as amount and start date  but not your full payment card information - some aggregated and anonymized data about how you use Trybe that cannot be linked back to any individual user   Content commenting   Content commenting services allow Users to make and publish their comments on the contents of this Application. Depending on the settings chosen by the Owner  Users may also leave anonymous comments. If there is an email address among the Personal Data provided by the User  it may be used to send notifications of comments on the same content. Users are responsible for the content of their own comments. If a content commenting service provided by third parties is installed  it may still collect web traffic data for the pages where the comment service is installed  even when Users do not use the content commenting service.  Comment system managed directly (This Application)   This Application has its own internal content comment system.  Personal Data processed: first name; last name; Usage Data; username.  Displaying content from external platforms   This type of services allows you to view content hosted on external platforms directly from the pages of this Application and interact with them. This type of service might still collect web traffic data for the pages where the service is installed  even when Users do not use it.  Google Fonts (Google Inc.)   Google Fonts is a typeface visualization service provided by Google LLC or by Google Ireland Limited  depending on the location this Application is accessed from  that allows this Application to incorporate content of this kind on its pages.  Personal Data processed: Usage Data; various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service. Place of processing: US – Privacy Policy . Privacy Shield participant.   Hosting and backend infrastructure   This type of services has the purpose of hosting data and files that enable this Application to run and be distributed as well as to provide a ready-made infrastructure to run specific features or parts of this Application. Some of these services work through geographically distributed servers  making it difficult to determine the actual location where the Personal Data are stored.  Firebase Legacy (Firebase  Inc.)   Firebase is a hosting and backend service provided by Firebase  Inc.  Personal Data processed: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service. Place of processing: US – Privacy Policy . Privacy Shield participant.   Registration and authentication   By registering or authenticating  Users allow this Application to identify them and give them access to dedicated services. Depending on what is described below  third parties may provide registration and authentication services. In this case  this Application will be able to access some Data  stored by these third party services  for registration or identification purposes.  Auth0 (Auth0  Inc)   Auth0 is a registration and authentication service provided by Auth0  Inc. To simplify the registration and authentication process  Auth0 can make use of third-party identity providers and save the information on its platform.  Personal Data processed: Cookies; email address; first name; last name; password; picture; various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service. Place of processing: USA – Privacy Policy . Privacy Shield participant.  Direct registration (This Application)   The User registers by filling out the registration form and providing the Personal Data directly to this Application.  Personal Data processed: email address; first name; last name; profile picture; username. Instagram Authentication (Instagram  Inc.)   Instagram Authentication is a registration and authentication service provided by Instagram  Inc. and is connected to the Instagram social network.  Personal Data processed: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service. Place of processing: US – Privacy Policy .  Facebook Authentication (Facebook  Inc.)   Facebook Authentication is a registration and authentication service provided by Facebook  Inc. and is connected to the Facebook social network.  Personal Data processed: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service. Place of processing: US – Privacy Policy . Privacy Shield participant.   Social features   Public profile (This Application)   Users may have public profiles that other Users can display. In addition to the Personal Data provided  this profile may contain Users' interactions with this Application.  Personal Data processed: first name; gender; last name; picture; username. Inviting and suggesting friends (This Application)   This Application may use the Personal Data provided to allow Users to invite their friends - for example through the address book  if access has been provided - and to suggest friends or connections inside it.  Personal Data processed: various types of Data.   Further information about Personal Data Push notifications    This Application may send push notifications to the User to achieve the purposes outlined in this privacy policy.  Users may in most cases opt-out of receiving push notifications by visiting their device settings  such as the notification settings for mobile phones  and then change those settings for this Application  some or all of the apps on the particular device. Users must be aware that disabling push notifications may negatively affect the utility of this Application.    Selling goods and services online    The Personal Data collected are used to provide the User with services or to sell goods  including payment and possible delivery. The Personal Data collected to complete the payment may include the credit card  the bank account used for the transfer  or any other means of payment envisaged. The kind of Data collected by this Application depends on the payment system used.    Unique device identification    This Application may track Users by storing a unique identifier of their device  for analytics purposes or for storing Users' preferences.    The Service is not directed to children under the age of 13    Users declare themselves to be adult according to their applicable legislation. Minors may use this Application only with the assistance of a parent or guardian. Under no circumstance persons under the age of 13 may use this Application.     The rights of Users  Users may exercise certain rights regarding their Data processed by the Owner.  In particular  Users have the right to do the following:   Withdraw their consent at any time. Users have the right to withdraw consent where they have previously given their consent to the processing of their Personal Data.  Object to processing of their Data. Users have the right to object to the processing of their Data if the processing is carried out on a legal basis other than consent. Further details are provided in the dedicated section below.  Access their Data. Users have the right to learn if Data is being processed by the Owner  obtain disclosure regarding certain aspects of the processing and obtain a copy of the Data undergoing processing.  Verify and seek rectification. Users have the right to verify the accuracy of their Data and ask for it to be updated or corrected.  Restrict the processing of their Data. Users have the right  under certain circumstances  to restrict the processing of their Data. In this case  the Owner will not process their Data for any purpose other than storing it.  Have their Personal Data deleted or otherwise removed. Users have the right  under certain circumstances  to obtain the erasure of their Data from the Owner.  Receive their Data and have it transferred to another controller. Users have the right to receive their Data in a structured  commonly used and machine readable format and  if technically feasible  to have it transmitted to another controller without any hindrance. This provision is applicable provided that the Data is processed by automated means and that the processing is based on the User's consent  on a contract which the User is part of or on pre-contractual obligations thereof.  Lodge a complaint. Users have the right to bring a claim before their competent data protection authority.   Details about the right to object to processing  Where Personal Data is processed for a public interest  in the exercise of an official authority vested in the Owner or for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by the Owner  Users may object to such processing by providing a ground related to their particular situation to justify the objection.  Users must know that  however  should their Personal Data be processed for direct marketing purposes  they can object to that processing at any time without providing any justification. To learn  whether the Owner is processing Personal Data for direct marketing purposes  Users may refer to the relevant sections of this document.  How to exercise these rights  Any requests to exercise User rights can be directed to the Owner through the contact details provided in this document. These requests can be exercised free of charge and will be addressed by the Owner as early as possible and always within one month.    Additional information about Data collection and processing  Legal action  The User's Personal Data may be used for legal purposes by the Owner in Court or in the stages leading to possible legal action arising from improper use of this Application or the related Services. The User declares to be aware that the Owner may be required to reveal personal data upon request of public authorities.  Additional information about User's Personal Data  In addition to the information contained in this privacy policy  this Application may provide the User with additional and contextual information concerning particular Services or the collection and processing of Personal Data upon request.  System logs and maintenance  For operation and maintenance purposes  this Application and any third-party services may collect files that record interaction with this Application (System logs) use other Personal Data (such as the IP Address) for this purpose.  Information not contained in this policy  More details concerning the collection or processing of Personal Data may be requested from the Owner at any time. Please see the contact information at the beginning of this document.  How “Do Not Track” requests are handled  This Application does not support “Do Not Track” requests. To determine whether any of the third-party services it uses honor the “Do Not Track” requests  please read their privacy policies.  Changes to this privacy policy  The Owner reserves the right to make changes to this privacy policy at any time by notifying its Users on this page and possibly within this Application and/or - as far as technically and legally feasible - sending a notice to Users via any contact information available to the Owner. It is strongly recommended to check this page often  referring to the date of the last modification listed at the bottom. Should the changes affect processing activities performed on the basis of the User’s consent  the Owner shall collect new consent from the User  where required. Definitions and legal references   Personal Data (or Data)  Any information that directly  indirectly  or in connection with other information — including a personal identification number — allows for the identification or identifiability of a natural person.  Usage Data  Information collected automatically through this Application (or third-party services employed in this Application)  which can include: the IP addresses or domain names of the computers utilized by the Users who use this Application  the URI addresses (Uniform Resource Identifier)  the time of the request  the method utilized to submit the request to the server  the size of the file received in response  the numerical code indicating the status of the server's answer (successful outcome  error  etc.)  the country of origin  the features of the browser and the operating system utilized by the User  the various time details per visit (e.g.  the time spent on each page within the Application) and the details about the path followed within the Application with special reference to the sequence of pages visited  and other parameters about the device operating system and/or the User's IT environment.  User  The individual using this Application who  unless otherwise specified  coincides with the Data Subject.  Data Subject  The natural person to whom the Personal Data refers.  Data Processor (or Data Supervisor)  The natural or legal person  public authority  agency or other body which processes Personal Data on behalf of the Controller  as described in this privacy policy.  Data Controller (or Owner)  The natural or legal person  public authority  agency or other body which  alone or jointly with others  determines the purposes and means of the processing of Personal Data  including the security measures concerning the operation and use of this Application. The Data Controller  unless otherwise specified  is the Owner of this Application.  This Application  The means by which the Personal Data of the User is collected and processed.  Service  The service provided by this Application as described in the relative terms (if available) and on this site/application.  European Union (or EU)  Unless otherwise specified  all references made within this document to the European Union include all current member states to the European Union and the European Economic Area.  Cookies  Small sets of data stored in the User's device.   Legal information  This privacy statement has been prepared based on provisions of multiple legislations  including Art. 13/14 of Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (General Data Protection Regulation).  This privacy policy relates solely to this Application  if not stated otherwise within this document.  Latest update: October 05  2020   iubenda hosts this content and only collects the Personal Data strictly necessary for it to be provided.      