 Privacy Policy  Last updated: July 31  2017  CARECON GmbH (us  we  or our) operates the Relax Sounds (Sleep  Meditate  Focus) mobile application (the Service).  This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection  use and disclosure of Personal Information when you use our Service.  We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.  We use your Personal Information for providing and improving the Service. By using the Service  you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy  terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions.  Information Collection And Use  While using our Service  we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you. Personally identifiable information may include  but is not limited to  your email address (Personal Information).  Log Data  When you access the Service by or through a mobile device  we may collect certain information automatically  including  but not limited to  the type of mobile device you use  your mobile device unique ID  the IP address of your mobile device  your mobile operating system  the type of mobile Internet browser you use and other statistics (Log Data).  In addition  we may use third party services such as Google Analytics that collect  monitor and analyze this type of information in order to increase our Service's functionality. These third party service providers have their own privacy policies addressing how they use such information.  Cookies  Cookies are files with small amount of data  which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a web site and stored on your computer's hard drive.  We use cookies to collect information. You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However  if you do not accept cookies  you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.  Service Providers  We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service  to provide the Service on our behalf  to perform Service-related services or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.  These third parties have access to your Personal Information only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.  Business Transaction  If CARECON GmbH is involved in a merger  acquisition or asset sale  your Personal Information may be transferred. We will provide notice before your Personal Information is transferred and becomes subject to a different Privacy Policy.  Security  The security of your Personal Information is important to us  but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet  or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information  we cannot guarantee its absolute security.  International Transfer  Your information  including Personal Information  may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state  province  country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction.  If you are located outside Switzerland and choose to provide information to us  please note that we transfer the information  including Personal Information  to Switzerland and process it there.  Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.  Links To Other Sites  Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link  you will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.  We have no control over  and assume no responsibility for the content  privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.  Children's Privacy  Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 13 (Children).  We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your Children has provided us with Personal Information  please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Information from a children under age 13 without verification of parental consent  we take steps to remove that information from our servers.  Permissions  This application may require some permissions to work  such as:  android.permission.WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE : For downloading and storing sounds.    Changes To This Privacy Policy  We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.  You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.  Contact Us  If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy  please contact us.    