 Product Pricing Blog Sign up free Sign in Product Pricing Blog Sign in Sign up free Nutrium’s Privacy Policy Last update: May 20th of 2018 Introduction We care for your privacy and we want to share with you everything we do with your personal data. Throughout Nutrium's Privacy Policy you will be able to check what rights you have at your disposal  what data we treat and with whom we share it  the period for which the personal data will be stored  and much more. We made sure that this Policy is as transparent  clear and concise as possible. It is important that you read it carefully and calmly since the privacy we guarantee is only as complete as your knowledge of it. We also recommend the full reading of the Regulation 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council  also known as the General Data Protection Regulation (hereinafter GDPR)  where you can learn more on privacy and protection of personal data. Who are we? Healthium – Healthcare Software Solutions  S.A.  (hereinafter  “Healthium”)  dedicates itself to the development of software  namely in the health area  being  in particular  the company responsible for the creation and development of the Nutrium software  in its various aspects. Aimed at Nutrition Clinics and Professionals  Nutrium  enables the simplification of complex tasks such as planning  analysis and creation of food plans  nutritional measurements and calculations  information management and analysis  and much more. Healthium is  therefore  the entity that manages the processing of personal data collected through the Nutrium software  acting  mainly  as processor of the Professional  pursuant to the GDPR. Scope of this Privacy Policy This Privacy Policy applies to all users of the website https://nutrium.io and its subdomains  whether or not they register  to all users of the mobile application  from the moment they install it on their device mobile  to all users of the platform who register for the trial period as well as for all those who actually contract our services after the trial period ends. The application of this Privacy Policy is irrelevant to the territorial scope  applying to all users from the moment they open our website or our mobile application  no matter where they are located. The use of the services provided by Healthium is conditioned by the acceptance of the Terms and Conditions of Use and the reading of this Policy. In the event that you do not agree to these stipulations  please do not use our services. What data do we collect? The collection and processing of data is fundamental to the operation of Nutrium. It's based on that data that our project is built and it's that informational core that allows us to provide you with a service in the area of nutrition and client management that is known for its excellence. We have reviewed and limited the data collection and the period of retention of the data to the minimum necessary. There are various sets of information and data that we collect and process. To simplify  we’ll be dividing those sets of information in three large groups: Professionals  Clients and Secretaries. Professionals’ data Data required from the Professional upon registration: all data entered by the Professional when registering on the platform is stored and processed. It is this registry that allows us to identify the Professional and give him access to the reserved area of query management as well as correctly connect him to the clients that he inserts. In addition  this is the data we deem indispensable  together with the billing data  so that the contractual relationship between Healthium and the Professional is carried out regularly. The data we require when registering is: the full name  the name of the primary place of work  the gender  country of residence  email and  of course  a password. In addition to these  all data voluntarily inserted by the Professionals during their use of the software is processed. Payment data: the payment data of your monthly payment are also processed by Nutrium  although for this purpose a processor is used. Only then can we debit the amounts associated with the monthly payment you have chosen. The data required for this purpose is: a credit or debit card number  an expiration date and a security code. Billing data: in order to comply with our tax obligations  we must ask you for some billing information such as: name  tax number  address  city  postal code and country. Automatically collected data: in addition to the data mentioned above  we also automatically collect  through cookies and other methods and services  a set of data that allows us to know precisely how you use the platform  the country  the date and time of the login  among other information. In addition to this information we also collected other data such as the I.P. address  the browser you use to access and its version  the language  your device operating system  among others. We would like to emphasize that this type of data collection is mainly intended to facilitate the work of our team whenever you need our support. It’s the collection of these groups of information that allows the quick resolution of problems on our platforms  without it we wouldn’t be able to guarantee the normal operation of our service and its maintenance. For more information please check our section on how we disclose and share data with third parties (subprocessors) and our cookie policy. Clients’ data Clients’ data is directly collected  for the most part  by the Professional. He is the controller and the main responsible for the processing of the clients’ personal data. Having said that  besides a minimum set of legally required measures  Healthium is not responsible for providing the information and guarantees imposed by the GDPR on the Professionals in regard to their relationship with the Client. A series of personal data might be requested by the Professional to the Client  or recorded by observation  which may range from “simple” personal data categories (such as: billing data  user identification number  among others  such as name complete  address  cell phone  and many more) to data considered as “special” (examples of this type of data include race  personal and social history  clinical history  food history  body measurements  among other information). Healthium only treats Client data as it is entered by the Professional  or directly through the mobile application. The use of the mobile application is intended for use by clients and is  of course  optional and  in cases where it is used  we collect the following data: Data entered by the client: all data entered by the Client  be it when logging in into the mobile application or posteriorly  is stored and processed. It’s this set of data that allows us to identify the Client  to give him access to their reserved area  to associate them correctly with the Professional who advised them and to give them access to their plans. Examples of such data include login credentials  but also other data such as the amount of water ingested  weight  and other information. Location data: with the use of the mobile application we may access information contained in the GPS of your mobile device. However  this operation is optional and must always be previously consented by the user. Local files  notifications and other data: on certain occasions the mobile application may access  with the Client prior consent and by their order  to local files or information stored in other applications. All these operations are optional  serving only as a way of complementing and enhancing the usefulness of the service we provide. Get to know some of the features of our application: Notifications: for the convenience of the Client  the Nutrium application will send notifications about their food plans  amounts of water  messages and appointments. These notifications are daily updated  automatically. This feature can be disabled at any time in the application settings. Health Apps: at the Client's request the Nutrium application may connect to other health applications such as Apple Health. In these cases  data on physical activity  namely  steps  distance and active calories will be collected. Camera and Gallery: at the Client’s request  the application can access the camera and the image gallery of the mobile device  allowing the Client to take pictures and send them through message to their Professional or send images already stored in the gallery. Automatically collected data: in addition to the data mentioned above  we also automatically collect  through cookies and other methods and services  a set of data that allows us to know precisely how you use the platform  the country  the date and time of the login  among other information. In addition to this information we also collected other data such as the I.P. address  the browser you use to access and its version  the language  your device operating system  among others. We would like to emphasize that this type of data collection is mainly intended to facilitate the work of our team whenever you need our support. It’s the collection of these groups of information that allows the quick resolution of problems on our platforms  without it we wouldn’t be able to guarantee the normal operation of our service and its maintenance. For more information please check our section on how we disclose and share data with third parties (subprocessors) and our cookie policy. Secretaries’ data Like the Clients’ data  Secretaries’ data is also directly collected  for the most part  by the Professional. He is the controller and the main responsible for the processing of the Secretaries' personal data  and may lack consent in the context of their contractual relations to which Healthium is unrelated. However  when using the platform  and in addition to the treatment performed on the data entered directly by the Professional  Healthium also collects some data which was already listed in relation to the Professional as Automatically collected data  and so  we ask you to check this section. Purposes of the processing We use the data we collect for a series of purposes that we want to make known. Those purposes may be based on a legal obligation  the legitimate interests of Healthium  the performance of the contract or consent  depending on the case. Provision of our service: we use the vast majority of the data entered  either by Professionals or Clients  so that we can provide our service as efficiently as possible within the contractual relationship established between Healthium and the Professional. Maintenance and improvement of services: we conduct behavioral analysis of the use made by the Professionals and by the Clients of the website and the mobile application. It is fundamentally this type of analysis that allows us to determine the usefulness of certain functionalities and change or correct them depending on the result. In addition  we may use your non-anonymized data in the context of the communication of a bug or error in the software by the user and always with the purpose of solving it. We can also  for example  at the request of the user  copy data between accounts. Customer support: it is essential for the quality of our service that we can answer efficiently to all the questions you ask us  using for that purpose any personal data that we deem necessary for the contact and resolution of the question that may arise  which may be  depending on the case  your full name  your email  your mobile phone number or your address  among other information. In addition to this data and with the same purpose  we may collect usage statistics of our platforms. Billing: it would be impossible for us to comply with our legal and tax obligations if we did not address the processing of some billing information. It is only for this purpose that we collect  at the time of payment  personal data such as the tax identification number  among others already listed above. Legal matters: we may use your personal data to comply with court orders and tax and administrative inspections  among other legal requirements. In the eventuality of a court order  all personal data  be it from a simple or special category  of the Professionals’ or Clients’  may be  if our legal team agrees with the legal basis of the warrant  made available in full to the administrative or judicial authority in question. Marketing: we may use your data to send you emails  notifications  text messages and postal mail. We will never do it  however  without your express authorization and you can freely choose not to subscribe and continue enjoying the rest of our services. In order to provide you with a tailor-made experience  the processing of such communications may be subject to automated individual decision-making  including profiling. Security and contractual purposes: we use your data to perform behavior analysis in order to prevent or address suspicious or fraudulent conducts and to ensure that the contractual relationship between Healthium and the Professional is timely met. Data retention period Personal data may be retained for different periods of time depending on its legal relevance or the duration of the contractual relationship. In general  following the request for deletion of the user  the data is encrypted and securely stored for the same legal period required for the retention of tax data in Portugal  that is  10 years  pursuant to Article 130 (1)  of the Decree-law no. 442-B/88  with the changes introduced by Law no. 7-A/2016  of March 30  being definitively eliminated from all our servers at the end of this period. Subprocessors Some of your personal data may be processed by third parties who are not part of our services. We have limited these operations to the bare minimum we need to continue to operate efficiently. To know more about our subprocessors contact us to privacy@nutrium.io or dpo@nutrium.io . Analysis of the use of software: we resort to applications in order to analyze the use of our software  such as Google Analytics. Payment Details: payment data is fully processed by external payment services such as Paypal. Email marketing: our newsletters and contacts are sent  managed and processed by third parties specialized in mass mailing and advertising campaigns such as Mailjet. Advertising: we use analysis tools for marketing and advertising purposes. Support: we use external applications to provide support  for example  through chat. Data storage and processing: storage  processing and backup of your personal data is carried out securely in hosting and computing companies located mainly in Europe. Audits and maintenance: your data might be accessed within the scope of independent quality control and security audits of our services. All audits are subject to confidentiality and are closely monitored by the Healthium team. In addition  we use external software that helps us detect errors and debug the software. Other processors and services: in addition to the services listed above we may interconnect with social networks like Linkedin  Twitter  Bing and other services like Outlook  Google Fit  among others. Professionals’ rights We want to ensure that your rights are fully respected. In those situations where the automatic mechanisms already implemented do not allow us to fully guarantee these rights you can contact us through privacy@nutrium.io or dpo@nutrium.io . Right of access: the data subject has the right to access the information concerning him  namely the purposes of the processing  the categories of personal data processed  and other information. You are already able to instantly access most of this information in your profile area. Right to rectification: the data subject has the right to obtain correction of inaccurate or incomplete personal data  and where it is compatible with the purposes of processing  the right to rectify it. You are already able to correct and rectify most of your personal data in your profile area. Right to erasure (“right to be forgotten”): the data subject has the right to obtain the erasure of personal data concerning him without undue delay. Starting from this request the countdown for the total and definitive deletion of the data of all the servers begins. Right to restriction of processing and right to object: these rights may be exercised  if applicable  by reaching us through the contacts provide above. Right to data portability: the data subject has the right to receive  in a reusable digital format  all information concerning him  which he has provided to Healthium. Clients’ rights We are constantly working to make the relationship between the Professional and the Client as easy as possible to expedite. As processor of the Professional  Healthium recognizes and assists the Professional in the realization of the clients’ rights  as far as is technically possible and legally required  namely  by implementing the technical and administrative measures that appear to be most appropriate. For all those situations where there are no automated mechanisms for compliance with the Regulation we recommend that you contact our team or our Data Protection Officer. We remind you that it is the responsibility of the Professional to collect the data subject consent  in the cases where the processing of the personal data is carried on that basis  as well as guarantee the rights of access  opposition  rectification  erasure  portability and limitation of the processing of the Client data  whenever applicable to the specific treatment  among other obligations arising from the Regulation. It is the responsibility of the Professional to guarantee the Client access to all rights and information to be provided under the General Data Protection Regulation. Security The security of your data and the services we provide are one of our highest priorities. As such  we regularly review our platforms and servers to ensure that all measures are being taken to mitigate security risks  using the most current encryption  surveillance and auditing techniques. These measures may only reflect on our servers or  otherwise  have immediate impact on our platforms  such as increased password complexity  new SSL certificates  two-step verification  and more. Changes and amendments to this Privacy Policy Nutrium’s Privacy Policy is subject to constant and periodic review. As a result of legal developments  recommendations issued by the control authorities  or changes to our business model  among others  we may have to amend this Policy. We recommend that you visit this page regularly and keep up with the latest updates. We will notify you whenever we make substantial changes to this Policy that might jeopardize your rights. Contacts If at the end of this reading you still have doubts or to exercise your rights  please contact us to: Diogo Alves Privacy department privacy@nutrium.io Pedro Bacelar Data Protection Officer dpo@nutrium.io or Edifício GNRATION nº 123  Praça Conde de Agrolongo 4700-312 Braga +351 935 455 758 Data Protection Authority Without prejudice to any claims that you may submit to Healthium or our Data Protection Officer through the contacts made available on this page  you may also submit a complaint to the Portuguese Data Protection Authority through the following contacts: Comissão Nacional de Proteção de Dados Rua de São Bento n.º 148-3º 1200-821 Lisboa Number: +351 213 928 400 — Fax: +351 213 976 832 Get started today! If you can make a list or send an email  you can use Nutrium. Starting an appointment is really that simple. English Português europeu English Português brasileiro Español Français Italiano Product Pricing Blog Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy HIPAA Policy Help Center English Português europeu English Português brasileiro Español Français Italiano 2020 © All rights reserved Co-Financed Project by More info      