 For Patients For Providers FAQS About Blog Privacy Policy Medcorder  Inc. ( “Medcorder”   “we”   “our”   or “us” ) is committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy explains how your personal information is collected  used  and disclosed by Medcorder. This Privacy Policy applies to our websites including medcorder.com and any other website that links to this Policy (our “Sites”)  and our mobile apps for iPhone  Windows  or Android mobile devices  including the Medcorder mobile app (collectively  our “Service”). By accessing or using our Service  you signify that you have read  understood  and agree to our collection  storage  use  and disclosure of your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service. 1. WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT AND FOR WHAT PURPOSE? The categories of information we collect can include: Information you provide to us directly. We may collect personal information  such as your name  phone number  and location when you register for our Service  or otherwise communicate with us. We may also collect any communications between you and Medcorder and any other information you provide to Medcorder. Voice recordings and transcription. With your permission  we collect voice recordings and request access to the microphone on your mobile device in order to facilitate recordings for the Service. These recordings will automatically transcribe text into the voice recording tile within each “care room.” You may withdraw this permission to access your device’s microphone at any time from the ‘Settings’ app of your mobile device. You agree to comply with all applicable laws  whether federal  state  local or international  relating to the privacy of communication for all parties to a conversation  including without limitation  advising all participants in a recorded conversation that the conversation is being recorded and obtaining their consent  as required. Data collected through the use of the Service. We collect information about how you use the Service  your actions on the Service  and content you post to the Service  including your interaction with friends and others on the Service  voice recordings and photos you post to the Service  and any content you provide through in-app messages  or other functionality (“User Content”). To share photos  we will access your device camera with your permission. If you need to update your permissions  you can do so in the “Settings” app of your device. Please remember that Medcorder may  but has no obligation to  record and store User Content in order to assist with regulatory or law enforcement efforts  or to protect and defend our rights and property. By using the Service  you consent to the recording  storage  and disclosure of such communications you send or receive for these purposes. Address Book Information. You may wish to connect your account with those of your friends and family. With your permission  we may request access to your contact list available on your mobile device so that you can invite your friends and family to connect with you on the Service. When you send an invitation to your friends to join a “care room” through the Service  you will share with our servers the phone number and contact name for the individual you would like to invite in order to allow our service to send a customized SMS message to the person who was invited to join your room. We only send to the server the phone number and name of invited contacts so that others in the room can identify who these people are. We do not upload other information about these contacts or information about contacts other than those invited to your room. Location Information. We collect information about your location through GPS  Wi-Fi  wireless network triangulation  or other methods in order to obtain your location for the purposes of providing our Service. We may also approximate your location by your IP Address. We use your location data in order to let you share your location with others  remember where you made recordings  and to help you select which office you were in and what doctor you were meeting with  as well for us to understand where our services are being used in aggregate. We may also need to enable or disable portions of our service depending on your location to comply with local regulations. We use this information to operate  maintain  and provide to you the features and functionality of the Service  as well as to communicate directly with you  such as to permit you to communicate with others on the Service  invite others to join the Service  or to send you surveys and promotional communications. We may also send you Service-related messages (e.g.  account verification  updates to features of the Service  technical and security notices). We may also use your information to understand our visitors and customers  and tailor our product offerings. We analyze statistics and trends to make our products better and to develop new services or features. We may also use your information to inform our machine learning algorithms to enhance and/or customize our Services. For more information about your communication preferences  see “Control Over Your Information” below. 2. HOW WE USE COOKIES AND OTHER TRACKING TECHNOLOGY TO COLLECT INFORMATION We  and our third-party partners  automatically collect certain types of usage information when you visit our Service  read our emails  or otherwise engage with us. We typically collect this information through a variety of tracking technologies  including cookies  web beacons  embedded scripts  location-identifying technologies  file information  and similar technology (collectively  “tracking technologies”). For example  we collect information about your device and its software  such as your IP address  browser type  Internet service provider  platform type  device type  operating system  date and time stamp (a unique ID that allows us to uniquely identify your browser  mobile device  or your account)  and other such information. We also collect information about the way you use our Service  for example  the site from which you came and the site to which you are going when you leave our website and other actions you take on the Service. When you access our Service from a mobile device  we may collect unique identification numbers associated with your device or our mobile application (including  for example  a UDID  Unique ID for Advertisers (“IDFA”)  Google AdID  or Windows Advertising ID)  mobile carrier  device type  model and manufacturer  mobile device operating system brand and model  phone number  and  depending on your mobile device settings  your geographical location data  including GPS coordinates (e.g.  latitude and/or longitude) or similar information regarding the location of your mobile device  or we may be able to approximate a device’s location by analyzing other information  like an IP address. We may collect analytics data or use third-party analytics tools such as Google Analytics to help us measure traffic and usage trends for the Service and to understand more about the demographics of our users. You can learn more about Google’s practices at http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners and view its currently available opt-out options at https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout . We may also work with third-party partners to employ technologies  including the application of statistical modeling tools  which permit us to recognize and contact you across multiple devices. Although we do our best to honor the privacy preferences of our users  we are unable to respond to Do Not Track signals set by your browser at this time. We use or may use the data collected through tracking technologies to: (a) remember information so that you will not have to re-enter it during your visit or the next time you visit the site; (b) provide custom  personalized content and information  including targeted content and advertising; (c) recognize and contact you across multiple devices; (d) provide and monitor the effectiveness of our Service; (e) monitor aggregate metrics such as total number of visitors  traffic  usage  and demographic patterns on our Service; (f) diagnose or fix technology problems; and (g) otherwise to plan for and enhance our Service. If you would prefer not to accept cookies  most browsers will allow you to: (i) change your browser settings to notify you when you receive a cookie  which lets you choose whether or not to accept it; (ii) disable existing cookies; or (iii) set your browser to automatically reject cookies. Please note that doing so may negatively impact your experience using the Service  as some features and services on our Service may not work properly. Depending on your mobile device and operating system  you may not be able to delete or block all cookies. You may also set your email options to prevent the automatic downloading of images that may contain technologies that would allow us to know whether you have accessed our email and performed certain functions with it. We and our third-party partners may also use cookies and tracking technologies for advertising purposes. For more information about tracking technologies  please see “Third Party Tracking and Online Advertising” below. 3. SHARING OF YOUR INFORMATION We may share your personal information in the instances described below. For further information on your choices regarding your information  see the “Control Over Your Information” section below. Remember  our Service allows you to connect and interact with others. Your profile information  which is limited to your first name and last name  will be available to other individuals when you interact with others on the Service through  for example  a virtual “care room ” and post content. We may share your personal information with: The public or other users of the Service at your request. We share your information and content you post with third parties with whom you communicate on the Service. For example  you may have the option to share your information and recordings with your friends through the use of the virtual “care room.” You control who you want to communicate with and what information you share. Please do not provide personal information or content you would not want to be viewed by those invited to join your virtual “care room.” You may be able to control the visibility of some of your information and actions in your Settings (see “Control Over Your Information” below); Other companies and brands owned or controlled by Medcorder  and other companies owned by or under common ownership as Medcorder  which also includes our subsidiaries (i.e.  any organization we own or control) or our ultimate holding Medcorder (i.e.  any organization that owns or controls us) and any subsidiaries it owns. These companies will use your personal information in the same way as we can under this Policy; Third-party vendors and other service providers that perform services on our behalf  as needed to carry out their work for us  which may include identifying and serving targeted advertisements  providing mailing services  providing tax and accounting services  web hosting  or providing analytic services; Third parties with your consent. For example  with your consent  we may share your information with third parties to conduct research; Other parties in connection with a Medcorder transaction  such as a merger  sale of Medcorder assets or shares  reorganization  financing  change of control or acquisition of all or a portion of our business by another Medcorder or third party  or in the event of a bankruptcy or related or similar proceedings; Third parties as required by law or subpoena or if we reasonably believe that such action is necessary to (a) comply with the law and the reasonable requests of law enforcement; (b) to enforce our Terms of Service or to protect the security or integrity of our Service; and/or (c) to exercise or protect the rights  property  or personal safety of Medcorder  our visitors  or others. We may also share information with others in an aggregated or otherwise anonymized form that does not reasonably identify you directly as an individual. 4. CONTROL OVER YOUR INFORMATION Profile and Data Sharing Settings. You may update your profile information  such as your name  and may change some of your data sharing preferences on your Profile Settings page. Access to your Device Information. You may control the Service’s access to your device information through your “Settings” app on your device. For instance  you can withdraw permission for the Service to access your address book  microphone  location  and camera. How to control your communications preferences. You can stop receiving promotional email communications from us by clicking on the “unsubscribe link” provided in such communications. We make every effort to promptly process all unsubscribe requests. You may not opt out of service-related communications (e.g.  account verification  transactional communications  changes/updates to features of the Service  technical and security notices). Modifying or deleting your information. If you have any questions about reviewing  modifying  or deleting your information  or if you want to remove your name or comments from our Service or publicly displayed content  you can contact us directly at privacy@medcorder.com . We may not be able to modify or delete your information in all circumstances. 5. THIRD-PARTY TRACKING AND ONLINE ADVERTISING Interest-Based Advertising. We participate in interest-based advertising and use third-party advertising companies to serve you targeted advertisements based on your browsing history. We may share or we may permit third-party online advertising networks  social media companies  and other third-party services to collect information about your use of our website over time so that they may play or display ads on our Service  on other devices you may use  and on other websites  apps  or services including Facebook. Typically  though not always  the information we share is provided through cookies or similar tracking technologies  which recognize the device you are using and collect information  including click stream information  browser type  time and date you visited the site  and other information. We and our third-party partners use this information to make the advertisements you see online more relevant to your interests  as well as to provide advertising-related services such as reporting  attribution  analytics  and market research. Cross-Device Linking. We  or our third-party partners  may link your various devices so that content you see on one device can result in relevant advertising on another device. We do this by collecting information about each device you use when you are logged in to our Service. We may also work with third-party partners who employ tracking technologies or the application of statistical modeling tools to determine if two or more devices are linked to a single user or household. We may share a common account identifier (such as an email address or user ID) with third-party advertising partners to help recognize you across devices. We  and our partners  can use this cross-device linkage to serve interest-based advertising and other personalized content to you across your devices  to perform analytics  and to measure the performance of our advertising campaigns. Your Choices: Interest-based advertising. To learn about interest-based advertising and how you may be able to opt-out of some of this advertising  you may wish to visit the Network Advertising Initiative’s online resources at http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices and/or the DAA’s resources at www.aboutads.info/choices. Cross-device linking. Please note that opting-out of receiving interest-based advertising through the NAI’s and DAA’s online resources will only opt-out a user from receiving interest-based ads on that specific browser or device  but the user may still receive interest-based ads on his or her other devices. You must perform the opt-out on each browser or device you use. Mobile advertising. You may also be able to limit interest-based advertising through the settings on your mobile device by selecting “limit ad tracking” (iOS) or “opt-out of interest based ads” (Android). You may also be able to opt-out of some—but not all—interest-based ads served by mobile ad networks by visiting http://youradchoices.com/appchoices and downloading the mobile AppChoices app. Some of these opt-outs may not be effective unless your browser is set to accept cookies. If you delete cookies  change your browser settings  switch browsers or computers  or use another operating system  you will need to opt-out again. Google Analytics and Advertising. We use Google Analytics to recognize you and link the devices you use when you visit our site or Service on your browser or mobile device  log in to your account on our Service  or otherwise engage with us. We share a unique identifier  like a user ID or hashed email address  with Google to facilitate the service. Google Analytics allows us to better understand how our users interact with our Service and to tailor our advertisements and content to you. For information on how Google Analytics collects and processes data  as well as how you can control information sent to Google  review Google\'s site “How Google uses data when you use our partners’ sites or apps” located at www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/. You can learn about Google Analytics’ currently available opt-outs  including the Google Analytics Browser Ad-On here https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/. 'We may also utilize certain forms of display advertising and other advanced features through Google Analytics  such as Remarketing with Google Analytics  Google Display Network Impression Reporting  the DoubleClick Campaign Manager Integration  and Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting. These features enable us to use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookie) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick advertising cookie) or other third-party cookies together to inform  optimize  and display ads based on your past visits to the Service. You may control your advertising preferences or opt-out of certain Google advertising products by visiting the Google Ads Preferences Manager  currently available at https://google.com/ads/preferences   or by visiting NAI’s online resources at http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices . 6. HOW WE STORE AND PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION Data storage and transfer: Your information collected through our Service may be stored and processed in the United States or any other country in which we or our parent  subsidiaries  affiliates  or service providers maintain facilities. If you are located in other regions with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from U.S. law  please note that we may transfer information  including personal information  to a country and jurisdiction that does not have the same data protection laws as your jurisdiction. Keeping your information safe: We care about the security of your information and employ physical  administrative  and technological safeguards designed to preserve the integrity and security of all information collected through our Service. However  no security system is impenetrable  and we cannot guarantee the security of our systems 100%. In the event that any information under our control is compromised as a result of a breach of security  we will take reasonable steps to investigate the situation and  where appropriate  notify those individuals whose information may have been compromised and take other steps  in accordance with any applicable laws and regulations. 7. CHILDREN’S PRIVACY Medcorder does not knowingly collect or solicit any information from anyone under the age of 13 on this Service. In the event that we learn that we have inadvertently collected personal information from a child under age 13  we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any information from a child under 13  please contact us at privacy@medcorder.com . 8. LINKS TO OTHER WEB SITES AND SERVICES The Service may contain links to and from third-party websites of our business partners  advertisers  and social media sites and our users may post links to third-party websites. If you follow a link to any of these websites  please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for their policies. We strongly recommend that you read their privacy policies and terms and conditions of use to understand how they collect  use  and share information. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content on the websites of third-party sites. 9. CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY We may modify or update this Privacy Policy from time to time to reflect the changes in our business and practices  so you should review this page periodically. When we change the policy in a material manner  we will let you know and update the ‘last modified’ date at the bottom of this page. If you object to any changes  you may close your account. Continuing to use our Service after we publish changes to this Privacy Policy means that you are consenting to the changes. 10. HOW TO CONTACT US If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or the Service  please contact us at privacy@medcorder.com . This Privacy Policy was last modified on April 24  2019 © 2019 Medcorder  Inc TERMS AND CONDITIONS Privacy Policy Cookie policy