    Terms of Use  Thank you for joining Fabulous (“We”  “Us”  “Company”). These Terms of Use  together with the Privacy Policy  and any other documents they expressly incorporate  set forth the terms and conditions upon which you may access and use the health coaching services  mobile application  and Service provided or operated by Fabulous (“Service”) including any content and functionality offered through the Service. (“Terms of Use” or “Agreement”) PLEASE READ THE TERMS OF USE CAREFULLY BEFORE YOU START TO USE THE SERVICE. BY USING THE SERVICE  YOU REPRESENT YOU ARE AT LEAST 13 YEARS OF AGE. FURTHER  YOU ACCEPT AND AGREE TO BE BOUND AND ABIDE BY THESE TERMS OF USE. IF YOU ARE NOT 13 YEARS OLD OR DO NOT WANT TO AGREE TO THESE TERMS OF USE  YOU MUST NOT ACCESS OR USE THE SERVICE. WE RESERVE THE RIGHT TO CHANGE  ADD OR REMOVE PORTIONS OF THESE TERMS OF USE AND ANY DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED HEREIN AT ANY TIME AND AT OUR SOLE DISCRETION. YOUR CONTINUED USE OF THE SERVICE FOLLOWING THE POSTING OF ANY CHANGES MEANS THAT YOU ACCEPT AND AGREE TO SUCH CHANGES. IT IS YOUR RESPONSIBILITY TO CHECK THESE TERMS OF USE PERIODICALLY FOR CHANGES.  Use of the Service  General  Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement  and during the term of this Agreement  Fabulous grants you a non-exclusive and non-transferable right to access and use the Service in accordance with the terms of this Agreement  and any documentation made available to you by Fabulous solely for purposes of your personal use of the Services. The Service is enabled by technology  software and certain content delivered electronically. You agree that you will not reverse-engineer  decompile  disassemble  translate  or otherwise attempt to obtain access to the source code of  any aspect of the Services  including any and all technology  software  and content. You will not copy  reproduce  alter  create derivative works from  or otherwise modify the Services  including any and all technology  software  and content. You will not lease  loan  sublicense  distribute  or otherwise provide others access to or with any aspect of the Services. Other than as expressly set forth in this Agreement  no license or other rights in or to the Services are granted to you  and all such licenses and rights are hereby expressly reserved. The Service has been designed by Fabulous with the purpose of assisting people to achieve their health goals through healthy lifestyle choices and behavior. We encourage you to consult with your healthcare provider before commencing the Services. You represent that you are in good enough health to begin these Services  which may include changes to your diet or level of physical activity  among other things. If you have been diagnosed with a chronic disease or other health condition  you represent that you have obtained the express approval from a healthcare professional to receive the Services before beginning. The Service requires your active engagement and participation. You understand that  despite your efforts  individual users' results will vary for a variety of reasons and Fabulous cannot guarantee that you will achieve your health goals. IT IS IMPORTANT TO UNDERSTAND THAT THE SERVICES DO NOT INCLUDE THE PROVISION OF MEDICAL CARE BY THE COMPANY. FABULOUS IS NOT A LICENSED MEDICAL CARE PROVIDER. YOU SHOULD NOT CHANGE YOUR TREATMENT OR CARE PLAN  MEDICATION OR THERAPY BASED ON INFORMATION YOU RECEIVED THROUGH THE SERVICES. SUGGESTIONS FOR NEW HABITS ARE SUPPLEMENTAL TO ANY TREATMENT OR CARE PROVIDED BY YOUR HEALTH CARE PROVIDER AND SHOULD NOT REPLACE REGULAR MEDICAL VISITS WITH YOUR HEALTH CARE PROVIDER. ALWAYS SEEK THE ADVICE OF YOUR PHYSICIAN OR OTHER QUALIFIED HEALTH CARE PRACTITIONER REGARDING YOUR MEDICAL CONDITION OR THE USE (OR FREQUENCY) OF ANY MEDICATION OR MEDICAL DEVICE. INFORMATION PROVIDED BY OUR HEALTH COACHES IS OFFERED FOR INFORMATIONAL PURPOSES ONLY AND IS NOT A RECOMMENDATION OR ENDORSEMENT OF ANY DRUG  DEVICE  OR TREATMENT OR REPRESENTATION THAT A PARTICULAR DRUG  DEVICE OR TREATMENT IS SAFE  APPROPRIATE  OR EFFECTIVE FOR YOU. QUESTIONS REGARDING ANY DRUG  DEVICE  OR TREATMENT SHOULD BE DIRECTED TO YOUR HEALTHCARE PROVIDER. NEVER DISREGARD PROFESSIONAL MEDICAL ADVICE OR DELAY IN SEEKING IT BECAUSE OF SOMETHING YOU HAVE READ IN CONNECTION WITH OUR SERVICES. ALWAYS CONSULT WITH YOUR HEALTHCARE PROFESSIONAL IF YOU HAVE ANY QUESTIONS OR CONCERNS ABOUT YOUR HEALTH OR CONDITION OR EXPERIENCE ANY CHANGES IN YOUR CONDITION OR HEALTH STATUS.  Registration  You are required to register for the Service and provide certain information about yourself. All information we collect about you in connection with the Services is subject to our Privacy Policy. By using the Service  you consent to all actions taken by us with respect to your information in compliance with the Privacy Policy  including being contacted via email. You will receive a user account for our personal use that requires an e-mail and password. You are responsible for all activities that occur under your user account. You shall: (i) have sole responsibility for the accuracy  quality  integrity  legality  reliability  and appropriateness of all data you provide; (ii) maintain the confidentiality of your password and user account information; (iii) use commercially reasonable efforts to prevent unauthorized access to  or use of  the Service  and notify the Company promptly of any such unauthorized use; and (iv) comply with all applicable local  state  and federal laws in using the Service.  Term and Termination  The term of this Agreement will begin upon your successful registration for the Service and will continue indefinitely unless terminated by either party as permitted herein.The Company may suspend or terminate your access to the Service if you (a) breach any term of this Agreement  or (b) engage in any conduct that the Company determines in its discretion may have an adverse effect on the Company or its reputation. Upon termination  you will no longer have access to the Service  mobile application  or content provided through the Services. In addition to termination  the Company reserves the right to pursue any and all remedies available to it.  Registration  You will provide our Company with accurate  complete  and updated registration information. Failure to do so shall constitute a breach of these Terms  which may result in immediate termination of your Company account. You shall not use a false nature  e-mail address  or phone number or otherwise enter information with the intent to impersonate another person.  Intellectual Property Ownership  Except for the limited license and use rights expressly granted to you under this Terms of Use during the Term  all title to and the rights in the Services  including any and all technology  software  and content  including ownership rights to patents (registrations  renewals  and pending applications)  copyrights  trademarks  trade secrets  the Company’s or third-party hardware  other technology  any derivatives of and all goodwill associated with the foregoing is the exclusive property of the Company and/or third parties.  Confidentiality  We will use and protect your personal information pursuant to the Privacy Policy. You agree not to reveal or disclose any confidential information of the Company  which includes information  materials  and content provided in connection with the Service) for any purpose with the Company’s consent.  Non-Confidential Information  Subject to any applicable terms and conditions set forth in our Privacy Policy  any other communication or material that you send to us through the Service  such as any questions  comments  suggestions  or the like  is and will be deemed to be non-confidential and we will have no obligation of any kind with respect to such information. We will be free to use any ideas  concepts  know-how  or techniques contained in such communication for any purpose whatsoever  including but not limited to  developing  manufacturing  and marketing products.  Content  The information presented on or through the Service is made available solely for general information purposes. We do not warrant the accuracy  completeness  or usefulness of this information. Any reliance you place on such information is strictly at your own risk. This Service may provide information about health and wellness and certain health conditions. However  nothing on this Service should be construed as providing any kind of medical advice or recommendation  and should not be relied on as the basis for any clinical decision or action. Patients should not use the information contained in the Service for diagnosing a health problem or disease. Medical advice should always be sought from a qualified medical practitioner. We disclaim all liability and responsibility arising from any reliance placed on such materials by you.  Service Access and Changes  We reserve the right to withdraw or amend this Service or materials we provide in connection with the Service  in our sole discretion. We will not be liable if for any reason all or any part of the Service is unavailable at any time or for any period. From time to time  we may restrict access to some parts of the Service  or the entire Service to users. We also may update the content on this Service from time to time  and we make reasonable efforts to maintain current information. However  we cannot guarantee that the content is complete or up-to-date.  Trademarks  Trademarks  service marks  graphics  and logos used in connection with the Service are the trademarks of their respective owners. You are granted no right or license with respect to any of the trademarks mentioned above and any use of such trademarks. You acknowledge and agree that all text  graphics  photographs  trademarks  logos  visual interfaces  artwork  computer code  and all other related content contained on the Service is owned by the Company or third parties and is protected by trade dress  copyright  patent and trademark laws  and various other intellectual property rights and unfair competition laws. Any reproduction  publication  further distribution  or public exhibition of materials provided through the Service  in whole or in part  is strictly prohibited. Except as expressly provided in these Terms of Use  no part of the Service and no content may be copied  reproduced  republished  uploaded  posted  publicly displayed  encoded  translated  distributed  or transmitted in any way (including “mirroring”) to any other computer  server  Service or another medium for publication or distribution or for any commercial enterprise  without the express prior written consent of the Company.  Third-Party Links and Technology  Any and all third party technology or Services provided  made available  linked to  or otherwise accessible through the Service (“ Third Party Technology”) is provided solely as a convenience to you and not under our control. The Company does not endorse  recommend  or otherwise make any representations or warranties with respect to any Third Party Technology. The Company does not have any responsibility or liability to you for any Third Party Technology which you access and you use it at your own risk. Further  you agree to comply with any and all terms and conditions applicable to the use of Third Party Technology and otherwise ensure that you have obtained all rights  licenses  and clearances that may be necessary to use such Third Party Technology. We encourage you to review the terms of use and privacy policies applicable to such Third Party Technology.  Intended for Users Over 13  The Service is not for use by any individual under the age of 13. We will not knowingly collect information or provide Services to anyone under the age of 13.  Purchases  Fabulous offers certain enhanced features of the Services that you can purchase as a monthly  yearly  or lifetime subscription (“Subscription”). A description of features associated with Subscriptions is available via the Services. When you purchase a Subscription or a Product (each  a “Transaction”)  we may ask you to supply additional information relevant to your Transaction  such as your credit card number  the expiration date of your credit card  and your address(es) for billing and delivery (such information  “Payment Information”). You represent and warrant that you have the legal right to use all payment method(s) represented by any such Payment Information. The amounts due and payable by you for a Transaction through the Services will be presented to you before you place your order. If you choose to initiate a Transaction via the Services  you authorize us to provide your Payment Information to third-party service providers so we can complete your Transaction and agree (a) to pay the applicable fees and any taxes; (b) that Fabulous may charge your credit card or third party payment processing account  including  but not limited to  your account with the app store or distribution platform (like the Apple App Store or Google Play) where the App is made available (each  an “App Provider”)  for verification  pre-authorization and payment purposes; and (c) to bear any additional charges that your App Provider  bank or another financial service provider may levy on you as well as any taxes or fees that may apply to your order. You’ll receive a confirmation email after we confirm the payment for your order. Your order is not binding on Fabulous until accepted and confirmed by Fabulous. All payments made are non-refundable and non-transferable except as expressly provided in these Terms. If you have any concerns or objections regarding charges  you agree to raise them with us first and you agree not to cancel or reject any credit card or third party payment processing charges unless you have made a reasonable attempt at resolving the matter directly with Fabulous.  Subscription Auto-Renewal  Subscriptions are automatically renewed until you terminate or cancel the subscription. All amounts are payable and charged: (i) for one-off purchase (e.g. lifetime Subscription)  at the time you place your order; and (ii) For monthly or yearly subscriptions  at the beginning of the subscription and  because each such subscription renews automatically for an additional period equal in length to the expiring subscription term until you cancel it  at the time of each renewal until you cancel  using the Payment Information you have provided. You must cancel your monthly or yearly Subscription before it renews to avoid the billing of the fees for the next Subscription period.  Subscription Cancellations & Refunds  Generally  all charges for purchases are nonrefundable and there are no refunds or credits for partially used periods. You can cancel your Fabulous membership at any time  and you will continue to have access to Fabulous’s service through the end of your billing period. Objections to a payment already made or Cancellation requests should be directed to Customer support if you made your Subscription purchase via the Site. If you purchase your Subscription via an App Provider  you can cancel the renewal of your subscription at any time with the App Provider. You will not receive a refund for the fees you already paid for your current subscription period and you will continue to receive the Services ordered until the end of your current Subscription period.  Pricing  Fabulous reserves the right to change its pricing terms for Subscriptions at any time and Fabulous will notify you in advance of such changes becoming effective. Changes to the pricing terms will not apply retroactively and will only apply for Subscription renewals after such changed pricing terms have been communicated to you. If you do not agree with the changes to Fabulous’s pricing terms then you may choose not to renew your Subscription in accordance with the section “Subscription Cancellations & Refunds.”  Indemnity  You agree to defend  indemnify  and hold the Company  its officers  directors  partners  employees  contractors  agents  licensors  and suppliers  harmless from and against any claims  actions or demands  liabilities  and settlements including without limitation  reasonable legal and accounting fees  resulting from  or alleged to result from  your use of the Service. DISCLAIMER: FABULOUS IS NOT A MEDICAL ORGANIZATION. YOU SHOULD NOT CONSIDER THE SERVICE OR THE DOCUMENTATION AS MEDICAL ADVICE OF ANY KIND  AND THE SERVICE IS NOT INTENDED TO TREAT ANY ILLNESS  DISEASE  OR ADVERSE MEDICAL CONDITION OR MANAGE A CHRONIC DISEASE OR CONDITION. By using the Service  you expressly agree that use of the Service is at your sole risk. The Service is provided on an “AS IS” and “as available” basis. NEITHER The Company nor its officers  directors  managers  members  employees  agents  third-party content providers  designers  contractors  distributors  merchants  sponsors  licensors or the like (collectively  “Affiliates”) warrant that use of the Service will be uninterrupted or error-free. Neither The Company nor its Affiliates warrant the accuracy  integrity  or completeness of the content provided on the Service or the products or services offered for sale on the Service. Further  The Company makes no representation that content provided on the Service is applicable to  or appropriate for use in  locations outside of France. The Company and its Affiliates specifically disclaim all warranties  whether expressed or implied  including but not limited to warranties of title  merchantability  or fitness for a particular purpose. No oral advice or written information given by The Company or its Affiliates will create a warranty. Some states do not allow the exclusion or limitation of certain warranties  so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you.  Limitation of Liability  Except where prohibited by law  in no event will THE COMPANY OR ITS AFFILIATES BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT  INDIRECT  INCIDENTAL  SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES THAT RESULT FROM YOUR USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE SERVICE  INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO RELIANCE BY YOU ON ANY INFORMATION OBTAINED FROM THE SERVICE. THE FOREGOING LIMITATION OF LIABILITY WILL APPLY IN ANY ACTION  WHETHER IN CONTRACT  TORT  OR ANY OTHER CLAIM  EVEN IF AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE COMPANY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF OR SHOULD HAVE KNOWLEDGE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. If notwithstanding the other provisions of these Terms of Use  The Company is found to be liable to you for any damage or loss which arises out of or is in any way connected with your use of the Service  THE COMPANY’S AND ITS AFFILIATE’S liability will in no event exceed the amount of fees paid during the preceding 12 month period. Some jurisdictions do not allow limitations of liability  so the foregoing limitation may not apply to you.  Governing Law  You agree that all matters relating to your access to or use of the Service  including all disputes  will be governed by the laws of France without regard to its conflicts of laws provisions. You agree to the personal jurisdiction by and venue in the state and federal courts in Paris  France  and waive any objection to such jurisdiction or venue. ‍ WAIVER OF TRIAL BY JURY. EXCEPT WHERE PROHIBITED BY LAW  YOU EXPRESSLY WAIVE TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY JUDICIAL PROCEEDING INVOLVING ANY DISPUTE  CONTROVERSY  OR CLAIM ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OR THE SERVICE.  No Waiver  The failure of the Company to insist on or enforce strict performance of these Terms of Use will not be construed as a waiver by The Company of any provision or any right it has to enforce these Terms of Use  nor will any course of conduct between the Company and you or any other party be deemed to modify any provision of these Terms of Use.  Severability  The provisions of these Terms of Use are severable. The invalidity  in whole or in part  of any provision of these Terms of Use  will not affect the validity or enforceability of any other of its provisions. If any of the provisions of these Terms of Use are held by a court or other tribunal of competent jurisdiction to be void or unenforceable  such provisions will be limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary and replaced with a valid provision that best embodies the intent of these Terms of Use  so that these Terms of Use will remain in full force and effect.  Effective: September 09  2015  - END -   Privacy Policy  I. Presentation  Fabulous (“ Fabulous ”  “ Us ”  “ We ”) respects your right to privacy and understands the importance of protecting your personal data ( Data ).  We adopted this privacy policy (the “ Policy ”) in order to explain how we collect  process  store  share and protect the Data that you provide to Us or that we collect when you use our website (“ Website ”)  fill out our questionnaires (“ Questionnaires ”)  subscribe and use our application (“ Application ”) and our well-being coaching services (our “ Services ”) or any other features operated by Fabulous. ‍ We reserve the right to modify the terms of this Policy at any time and in our sole discretion. If we modify the Policy  we will publish the modifications  depending on the medium  on the welcome page of the Website and/or on the home page of the Application so that you are fully informed. Any changes to the Policy will take effect thirty (30) days after its publication. Your continued use of our Services will constitute acceptance of the policy changes.  II. WHAT TYPE AND WHEN WE COLLECT YOUR DATA   On the Website  We collect the following kinds of Data when you visit the Website and  as the case may be  subscribe to the Application in order to access to our Services:   your connection data such as your IP address when you access the Website;  your identification information such as your first and last name when you subscribe to the Application in order to access to our Services or request for information on Fabulous for work;  your contact data such as your email address  when you subscribe to the Application in order to access to our Services and/or when you request for support from Fabulous and/or when you request for information on Fabulous for work program;  your lifestyle habits such as your practice of meditation or your frequency of exercise when you fill out the setup questionnaire on the Website;  your transaction data such as banking data and billing information when you subscribe to the Application in order to access our Services;  your data related to your technical features such as your operating system  in order to help you using the Application and the Services;  the content  communications  and other information that you provide to Us when you use the knowledge base and the support service base;  your employment title when you request for information on the Fabulous for work program. On the Application  We collect the following kinds of data when you use the Application and our Services:   your contact data such as your full name  picture  email address  and password when you create your account;  your lifestyle habits such as at the time you wake up in the morning to set up your morning  routines;  your preferences such  the place and time you want to take the challenge or the motivation tool you choose to help you succeed your challenge;  your lifestyle habits such as your practice of meditation or your frequency of exercise when you fill out the setup questionnaire on the Website;  your transaction data such as banking data and billing information when you subscribe to the Application in order to get access to the Services;  the content  communications  and other information that you provide to Us when you use the Services including when you sign up for your account  create or share content  and message or communicate with Us and others when you use the chat and/or the support service;  the content  communications  and information that other people provide when they use the Services. This can include information about you  such as when they share or comment on a photo of you  send a message to you  or upload  sync  or import your contact information.    III. FOR WHICH PURPOSES AND LEGAL BASIS WE PROCESS YOUR DATA   On the Website  We process your Data when you visit the Website in order to optimize your navigation and enhance your user experience on the basis of the legitimate interests pursued by Us.  We also process your Data when you fill out the setup questionnaire in order to set you an initial kick-off plan adapted to the lifestyle habits that you are free to subscribe on the basis of our legitimate interest to tailor you with a personalized program. ‍ We lastly process your Data when you subscribe to our Application and Services through the Website in order to finalize your subscription and give you access to the Application and the Services on the basis of the performance of your contract with Us.  On the Application  We process your Data in order to perform our contract with you and provide you with the Services including the following purposes:   Create and manage your account in order for you to access and use the Services;  Implement your personalized routine through challenges of your choice in order for you to develop healthy lifestyle habits and including daily alerts reminders to inform you that the challenge shall be completed  rewards notifications when the challenge is completed  upcoming challenges updates  challenge personalization functionalities  relevant communications related to the Services;  Enable you to use the chat of the Application and share your content to the person of your choice in order for you to receive support and/or comment and/or to share with a friend the completion of your challenge or any other information that you want to share on the Application and the Services;  Manage the technical and customer support in order to assist you in solving your technical issues in relation for example to the management of your account or the use of the Services and/or your customer issues in relation to fee claims.   We process your Data in order to perform our contract with you and provide you with the Services including the following purposes:   Participation in investigations and proceedings (including judicial proceedings) conducted by public authorities or government agencies  in particular  for the purpose of detecting  investigating  and prosecuting illegal acts;  Prevention  detection  and mitigation of illegal activities (e.g. fraud  money laundering  and terrorist financing);  Complying with information requests from third parties based on any statutory information rights they have against Us (e.g. in the event of an intellectual property infringement  product piracy  or other unlawful activity);  Ensuring the information security of our Services;  Retention and storage of your Data to comply with specific legal retention requirements.   We process your Data where necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by Us including the following purposes:   Ameliorate the Application and Services by monitoring its use  in order to improve the satisfaction of the Users;  Personalize and enhance your user experience by contacting you to determine how we can improve our Services to better meet your needs;  Send you promotional communications about our Services  in particular about our new upcoming challenges and our new well-being programs offers by electronic means;  Provide product announcements or information regarding well-being topics or other information we believe you will find most relevant  and useful regarding the use of the Services;  Generate aggregate statistics regarding the use of our Services.   We process your Data with your consent for the following purposes:   Personalize  measure  and improve our advertisements;  Personalize and enhance your user experience by contacting you to determine how we can improve our Services to better meet your needs;  Place cookies on your browser in order to send you personalizing advertising;  Send you promotional communications about our other Products and Services or the Products and Services of our partners by whom you may be interested in.   We may also de-identify and/or aggregate and/or anonymize your data for various business purposes including product  service  and program development and improvement. De-identified data  in individual or aggregated form  may also be used for research purposes both internally by Fabulous or with research partners and other third parties for the advancement of clinical and scientific knowledge.   IV. COOKIES AND SIMILAR TECHNOLOGIES  When you use the Services  We may use cookies and other IT functions to collect your Data. Cookies are small text files that are automatically created by your browser and stored on your device when you connect to the Website or the Application and use the Services. We use cookies which will not be saved on your device or which will only be saved on your device for as long as your browser is active (e.g. session cookies) or which will be saved on your device for a longer period (e.g. persistent cookies) for the following purposes: (i) the provision of the Services  (ii) your technical support and the enhancement of the Services  (iii) the improvement of your user experience and (iv) to show you personalized advertising under your consent. You have the choice to refuse to keep all or certain of the cookies in your browser or to disable all or certain cookies  after accepting their deposit on your browser  by configuring your settings. With regard to the use of advertising-related or personalization-related technologies  you can determine whether you consent or not to the use of cookies for marketing purposes.  V. HOW WE STORE YOUR DATA  We (by the intermediary of our service providers) store your Data on storage facilities located for the European users on the territory of the European Union for a period of time not exceeding to what is necessary for the purposes for which your Data were collected and processed by Us and  in any event  in accordance with legal requirements.  Your Data will be stored in our active base for the time necessary to provide the Services and will be irreversibly deleted or anonymized by Us or archived in an intermediate database with limited access to it upon the termination of your subscription to the Application except for your contact data which will be kept in our active base for a period of time of 3 years in order to send you promotional communications on our Services upon your consent. ‍ Your Data will be archived in an intermediate database with limited access when We are legally obliged to keep your Data longer such as for legal compliance  establishing the evidence of our rights or our contract with you  or for tax  accounting  or auditing purposes. In these cases  the duration of the storage processing will depend on the respective statutory limitation or retention periods and will be deleted after the relevant retention periods have expired.  VI. TRANSFER OF YOUR DATA OUTSIDE THE EUROPEAN UNION  Some of our services providers as well as some of our employees are located outside the European Union or have offices in countries where data protection laws may provide a different level of protection than the laws in your country. When transferring the Data of European users to our services providers  we make sure an adequate transfer mechanism is in place. As per the transfer to our internal services  they are located in the United States for which We rely on EU-US Privacy Shield.  VII. HOW WE KEEP YOUR DATA SECURED  We seek to safeguard the security of your Data and have implemented security measures consistent with accepted practices in the industry to protect your data and limit access to it. ‍ In particular  we have implemented appropriate technical and organizational measures to minimize risks associated with data loss  misuse  unauthorized access  and unauthorized disclosure using encryption technology  such as Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) during data transport and at rest as well as physical access restrictions for our data centers and authorization controls for data access.However  despite our efforts to protect your Data  there is always some risk that an unauthorized third party may find a way around our security systems or that transmissions of your Data over the Internet will be intercepted. Unfortunately  we cannot guarantee the absolute security of your data  nor can we guarantee that the Data that you provide will not be intercepted while being transmitted to Us over the Internet. Therefore  we urge you to also take every precaution to protect your Data when you are on the Internet or using the Application.  VIII. YOUR RIGHTS AS A DATA SUBJECT  You have the following rights on your Data and the data processing:   right to access to your Data;  right to rectify your inaccurate Data;  right to erase your Data unless the processing is necessary for exercising the right of freedom of expression and information  for compliance with a legal obligation  for reasons of public interest or for the establishment  exercise  or defense of legal claims;  right to request the limitation of the processing of your Data to the extent that the accuracy of your Data is contested by you  the processing is unlawful  but you oppose the erasure of the personal data and request the limitation instead  We no longer need the data  but you need it to assert  exercise or defend legal claims or you have objected to the processing;  right to receive a copy of your Data in a structured electronic format or ask for the transfer of it to another controller  when technically possible;  right to object to your Data processing on grounds related to your particular situation including profile or for marketing purposes and to withdraw your consent at any time when the processing is based on consent.   You can also lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority by sending a letter to the competent authority. In France  this authority is the CNIL accessible at the following address: CNIL - 3 Place de Fontenoy - TSA 80715 - 75334 PARIS CEDEX 07. ‍ You can exercise your rights by sending us a clear and specific request by email to [email protected] . Your request will be handled by our team within a reasonable delay from the date of its receipt and granted or refused subject to our legal obligations and within the limits of your rights. ‍ You can also access and update your Data at any time by logging to the Application and accessing your account settings.  IX. HOW WE MANAGE THE PROTECTION OF THE CHILDREN  We are committed to protecting the privacy of the children. Our Website  Application  and Services are not designed or intended for children and we do not knowingly collect data of users under 18 years old. ‍ In any case  We request all the users to confirm at the subscription to the Application and the Services that they are 18 years old or over and if not  We request the parent’s consent before authorizing the user to get access to the Application and the Services and never collect Data of children under 13 years old. ‍ For users under 18 years old  We may limit how we collect  use  and store their Data meaning that We will be unable to authorize access to certain challenges to these users.  X. WITH WHOM WE SHARE YOUR DATA  We share your Data with employees of our internal services such as the IT  development  or marketing services in order to provide you with the Services and assist you in your user experience. ‍ We also share your Data with third parties including service providers acting on our behalf which may host your data and/or manage the payment of the subscription for Us and/or send you promotional communications about our Services and other products and/or detect  prevent or mitigate illegal activity and/or elaborate aggregate statistics. In that case  we ensure that the service providers adhere to our Privacy Policy and comply with the same data protection obligations as the ones set out for Us. We also ensure that they provide sufficient guarantees to implement appropriate technical and organizational measures in such a manner that the processing will meet the requirements of this Policy and more broadly of the applicable data protection and e-privacy regulations. ‍ We also share your Data when you ask Us to chat with another user or a person of your choice. Some of your data like your name and your picture are also visible by default to other users on the Application. We may share your data with some of our partners with your consent in order to send you offers on their products and services that We believe may have an interest for you or to your employer in case of using the Application and Services through Fabulous for Work.  We may be lastly required to disclose your Data to other competent authorities to exercise our rights conferred by law or to comply with the law or a court decision. Unless required by law or jurisdiction  We are not obligated to notify you of such data disclosures.  XI. THIRD-PARTY WEBSITE LINKS  Our Website and Application may contain third-party links or contents. Through these links or contents  you may be providing your Data to third-party for which We are not responsible for how it collects or use your Data as well as we do not guarantee compliance with the same data protection practices as those of Fabulous. We encourage you to read the privacy policies of every third-party website  application  and/or services that you visit or use including those third parties you interact with through our services. In addition  we may rely on third-party advertisers  ad networks  and ad servers to promote our App. This includes Facebook  Twitter  or Google. These third parties may use cookies alone or in conjunction with web beacons or other tracking technologies to collect information about our users. This may include information about users' behavior on this and other Apps to serve them interested-based (behavioral) advertising. No information you share within our Application will be shared with third-party advertisers. We do not control these third parties' tracking technologies or how they may be used. If you have any questions about an advertisement  you should contact the responsible advertiser directly.  Effective: September 09  2015    