   INSIGHT NETWORK INC. Terms of SERVICE v.1.2 Effective Date: May 18  2020.  Your acceptance of these Terms of Service with Insight Network Inc. (Insight Timer  us  we or our as applicable)  as of the Effective Date and as modified from time to time (Terms)  is required in order for you to access and use the Insight Timer services as enabled by the Insight Timer application and/or websites presenting these Terms (Services)  including the functionality and Content (as defined below) Insight Timer makes available.  This document and the other documents that we reference below make up our Terms of Service (or “Terms” for short).  If you are a teacher providing classes and other content through the Services  please be sure to read our Terms for Teachers  located on the Teacher Portal.  In some instances  both these Terms and separate terms elsewhere on the Services will apply to your use of the Services (“Additional Terms”). To the extent there is a conflict between these Terms and any applicable Additional Terms  the Additional Terms will control unless they expressly state otherwise.  Please read these Terms and our Privacy Policy (Policy) carefully.  If you do not agree to these Terms or the Policy  you cannot use the Services and should discontinue use of the Service.  We provide the Services subject to your acceptance and ongoing compliance with these Terms.  We reserve the right at our discretion to modify these Terms periodically. We may require your assent to the modified terms as a condition of your continued access to the Services.  Your continued use of the Services after the effective date of such modifications indicates your acceptance to the modified Terms.  Please note that Section 7.6. Dispute Resolution  contains an arbitration clause and class action waiver. By agreeing to the Terms  you agree to resolve all disputes through binding individual arbitration  which means that you waive any right to have those disputes decided by a judge or jury  and that you waive your right to participate in class actions  class arbitrations  or representative actions.  If you violate any of these Terms  your permission to use the Services automatically terminates  unless such violation is waived by us in writing in our sole discretion.  You must be over 13 years of age to use the Services. You are allowed to access and use the Services only if you are legally permitted to do so via the laws of your jurisdiction  including laws regarding minimum age requirements.  You acknowledge that use of the Services requires connection to  and data transfers over  the network and therefore may impact your data usage charges imposed by your wireless operator.  1.0 LICENSED RIGHTS TO SERVICES AND CONTENT  1.1 Subject to your strict compliance with these Terms  particularly sections 2  4  6 and 7 below and any Additional Terms  we grant to you a fee-bearing  non-exclusive  non-transferable  revocable  non-assignable  personal  limited license to use the Services and access and use the images  audio  video  graphics  text  posts  comments  signals  ratings  and any other text  content  material  information or data accessible via use of the Services  including any of the foregoing from other users (collectively  Content). You shall not sublicense  sell access  resell  transfer  distribute  make derivative works or improvements of  monetize or commercially exploit or make available  the Services.  1.2 You hereby grant to us without charge the perpetual  irrevocable  worldwide  non-exclusive right and license to use  reproduce  modify  create derivative works and improvements of  and distribute your Content for purposes of providing  developing  improving  and promoting the Services. You hereby grant to all other users of the Service the perpetual  irrevocable  worldwide  non-exclusive right to access and use your Content as part of the Services. Further  you agree that we are free to use and implement in perpetuity without compensation  attribution or obligation to you any feedback  improvements  recommendations  ideas  and error corrections you voluntarily provide to us or we develop relating to the Services.  1.3 No other right or license to the Content is provided  and no other license shall be implied  by course of conduct or otherwise. We retain all right  title and interest in and to the Services  and all associated intellectual property rights.  Except as expressly authorized by these Terms  you shall not use  reproduce  or distribute Content contributed by other users or by us.  2.0 TERMS APPLICABLE TO CONTENT 2.1 All Content  whether publicly posted on or privately transmitted via the Services  is the sole responsibility of the user from which such Content originated. You are entirely responsible for all Content that you contribute. You shall not transmit Content or otherwise conduct or participate in any activities via the Services which  in our sole judgment  is likely to be prohibited by law or these Terms or violative of third party rights in any applicable jurisdiction.  2.2 You agree not to upload  download  display  or distribute any Content or otherwise engage in any activity in connection with the Service that: (a) is hateful  offensive  libelous  defamatory  obscene  pornographic  lewd  abusive  erroneous  or threatening; (b) advocates or encourages conduct that could constitute a criminal offense  give rise to civil or criminal liability  or otherwise violate any applicable local  state  national  or foreign law or regulation; (c) promotes illegal or harmful activities or substances; (d) constitutes infringement of the intellectual property rights of any party; (e) creates an impression that is incorrect  misleading  or deceptive  including by impersonating others or otherwise misrepresenting your identity or affiliation with a person or entity; (f) is for the purpose of soliciting other users to join commercial organizations or groups other than groups established pursuant to the Services; and (g) reveals other people's private or personal information without their express authorization and permission. You represent and warrant that all Content you submit is accurate and not misleading to the best of your knowledge  is not confidential  and is not in violation of these Terms or third party rights.  We may  in our sole discretion  terminate the Services as to any Content that we believe in our sole judgment is not in compliance with these Terms. We may preserve and disclose Content if required to do so by law or judicial or governmental mandate or as reasonably determined useful by us to protect the rights  property or safety of Insight Timer  users and/or the public. Although we are not obligated to monitor access to  or use of  the Services or Content or to review or edit any Content  we have the right to do so for the purpose of operating the Services  to ensure compliance with these Terms  and to comply with applicable law or other legal requirements  but are not obligated to  remove or disable access to any Content at any time and without notice  including but not limited to if we  at our sole discretion  consider any Content to be objectionable or in violation of these Terms. We have the right to investigate violations of these Terms or conduct that affects the Services. We may also consult and cooperate with law enforcement authorities to prosecute users who violate the law.   2.3 You may be exposed to Content that is offensive  indecent  objectionable  false or erroneous. You must evaluate  and shall bear all risks associated with  the use of any Content  including any reliance on the accuracy  quality  integrity  completeness  or usefulness of such Content. Under no circumstances will we be liable in any way for any Content  including  but not limited to  liability for any errors or omissions in any Content  or for any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the use of any Content. You hereby waive and release any claims you may have against us arising or resulting from use or misuse of your Content  failure to comply with or enforce these Terms  or for any act  omission  or conduct of any other user.  2.4 Insight Timer  any Service  other users  or a third party may provide links to other websites or login access via such links.  Such third party links and services shall not be construed as an endorsement  sponsorship  or affiliation.  We exercise no control whatsoever over such other non-Insight Timer websites  services and web-based resources and are not responsible or liable for the availability thereof or the content  advertising  products or other materials thereon  or for any damage or loss incurred or suffered by any user in connection therewith. Your access and use of same  including information  material  products and services therein  is solely at your own risk.  2.5 We do not guarantee the authenticity of the identity of any user. Users are solely responsible for authenticating the identity of other users. You acknowledge that identities may be concocted and that other users may be acting under false pretenses or acting without authority.  3.0 REGISTRATION DATA AND SIGN-ON CREDENTIALS  You will receive  or will be permitted to create  username and password information (Sign-On Credentials).  If you create your own Sign-On Credentials  such Sign-On Credentials are subject to our approval and we reserve the right to refuse or revoke any Sign-On Credentials at any time and for any reason. You are wholly responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your Sign-On Credentials and wholly liable for all activities occurring under such Sign-On Credentials and within your account.  You shall not transfer to any party your Sign-On Credentials  or use the Sign-On Credentials of another  without our prior written consent.  You shall immediately notify us at help@insight.co of any unauthorized use of Sign-On Credentials or any other breach of security.  We will not be liable for any loss or damage arising from failure to comply with this section or from unauthorized use of the Sign-On Credentials. You can create your Sign-On Credentials on the Services via the mobile application  website  or through your account with Facebook. If you choose the Facebook account option  we will create your Sign-On Credentials by extracting from your Facebook account certain personal information such as your name and email address and other personal information that your privacy settings on your Facebook account permit us to access. You must us provide with accurate  complete and up-to-date information for your Sign-On Credentials and must update such information  as needed  to keep it accurate  complete and up-to-date. If you do not do so  we have the right to suspend or terminate your Sign-On Credentials and your account.   4.0 SITE AND SERVICE INTEGRITY  4.1 You shall not use the Services or engage in any activity that in any manner could damage  disable  overburden  or impair the Services  or any Insight Timer server  or the network(s) connected to any Insight Timer server  or interfere with any other party's use and enjoyment of the Services. You shall not attempt to falsify or alter Content posted by others except via normal and intended operation of the Services. You may not attempt to gain unauthorized access to other accounts  computer systems or networks connected to any of our servers or to any of the Services  through hacking  password mining or any other means  or exploit bugs or weaknesses in the Services.  4.2 You are prohibited from violating or attempting to violate any security features of the Services  including  without limitation: (a) accessing Content not intended for you  or logging onto a server or account that you are not authorized to access; (b) attempting to probe  scan  or test the vulnerability of the Services  or any associated system or network  or to breach security or authentication measures without proper authorization; (c) interfering or attempting to interfere with Services to any user  host  or network  including  without limitation  by means of submitting a virus  overloading  flooding  spamming  mail bombing  or crashing; (d) using the Services to send unsolicited messages  including  without limitation  promotions or advertisements for products or services; (e) publishing or linking to malicious content intended to damage or disrupt another user's browser or computer or to compromise a user's privacy or anonymity; (f) forging any TCP/IP packet header or any part of the header information; (g) accessing or tampering with non-public areas of the Services  our computer systems  or the technical delivery systems of our providers; (h) accessing or searching the Services by any means (automated or otherwise) other than through the currently available  published interfaces that are provided by us (and only pursuant to those terms and conditions)  unless you have been specifically allowed to do so in a separate agreement with us; or (i) attempting to modify  reverse-engineer  decompile  disassemble  or otherwise reduce or attempt to reduce to a human-perceivable form any of the source code used by us in providing the Services.  4.3 You shall not engage in harvesting or other collection of information about other users  without our prior and each such user's prior written consent.  You agree not to use or launch any automated system  including without limitation  robots  spiders  crawlers  data mining tools etc. that accesses the Services  including in a manner that sends more request messages to our servers in a given period of time than a human can reasonably produce in the same period by using conventional on-line web browsers.  4.4 You may not obtain or attempt to obtain any materials or information through any means not intentionally made available through the Services. The Services are for your personal and individualized use only. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing  you shall not publish  distribute or transmit to the general public via any medium  whether via print  online  or otherwise  the Content or Services  except through or as otherwise authorized by us  and you shall not engage in framing  mirroring  or otherwise simulating the appearance or function of the Services.  You may not use any meta tags or other hidden text or metadata utilizing any Insight Timer trademark  logo URL or product name without our express written consent.  You shall not remove any copyright  trademark or other proprietary rights notices visible via use of the Services.  4.5 While we will use reasonable efforts to back up site data and make such data available in the event of loss or deletion  we have no responsibility or liability for the deletion or failure to store any Content. It is your sole responsibility to back up all your Content  Sign-On Credentials and data associated with you or your account. We have no obligation to store  maintain or provide you a copy of any Content that you or other users provide when using the Services. We reserve the right to mark as inactive and archive Insight Timer accounts that are inactive for an extended period of time.  Further  Insight Timer may monitor and collect information (including but not limited to technical and diagnostic information) about your usage of the Services in order to improve the Services and to verify compliance with these Terms. See our Privacy Policy for more detail on what information we collect.  4.6 Because no online system is perfectly secure or reliable  the Internet is an inherently insecure medium  and the reliability of hosting services  Internet intermediaries  your Internet service provider  and other service providers cannot be assured  you accept security risks  and the responsibility for choosing to use a technology that does not provide perfect security or reliability.  5.0 DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES  LIMITATION OF LIABILITY AND INDEMNIFICATION  5.1 Important Provision Concerning Health-Related Content The Services do not constitute medical or other professional advice.  The Services are not intended as a substitute for professional medical advice  diagnosis  or treatment.  Any content concerning or related to physical or mental health that you may find in the Services is broad in nature and in scope  describes only general principles  is not specific to you as an individual and does not take into account your personal circumstances  and may not be appropriate or relevant to your personal situation.  Content in the Services is not intended to be used to diagnose  treat  cure  or prevent any medical conditions and is not a substitute for consulting with your own healthcare professionals.  If you have any concerns or questions about your physical or mental health  you should consult your own healthcare professionals.  Reliance on any information provided through the Services is solely at your own risk.  Never disregard professional medical advice or delay in seeking it because of something that you have read  seen  or heard on our Services.  5.2 DO NOT RELY ON THE SERVICES  ANY INFORMATION THEREIN  OR ITS CONTINUATION. YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK. SERVICES ARE PROVIDED ON AN AS IS AND AS AVAILABLE BASIS AND WE ASSUME NO RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE TIMELINESS  DELETION  MIS-DELIVERY OR FAILURE OF THE SERVICES OR TO STORE OR DISPLAY ANY CONTENT  USER COMMUNICATIONS OR PERSONALIZATION SETTINGS. YOU ARE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE TO YOUR COMPUTER SYSTEM OR LOSS OF DATA THAT RESULTS FROM USE OF THE SERVICES. WE EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND  WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED  INCLUDING  BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY  FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE  TITLE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.  Specifically  we make no warranty that: (a) the Services will meet your requirements  goals or needs  (b) Services access will be uninterrupted  timely  secure or error-free  or (c) any errors or deficiencies will be corrected.  Further  scheduled and preventive maintenance as well as required and emergency maintenance work may temporarily interrupt access to the website or Services. We reserve the right to discontinue or change the Services in any way and at any time  with or without notice to you  without liability.  5.3 We do not represent or warrant that Content available on or from the Services are accurate  complete  reliable  current or error-free or that the Services are free of viruses or other harmful components and  accordingly  you should exercise caution in the use of the Services.  You download  access or otherwise obtain Content from the Service at your own discretion and risk and you are solely responsible for your use thereof  and any damages to your computing device  and any loss of data  and any other damage or harm of any kind  that may result therefrom.  5.4 Excluding only damages arising out of our gross negligence  fraud  or willful misconduct  we shall not be liable for any direct  indirect  incidental  special  consequential or exemplary damages  including but not limited to damages for loss of revenue  profits  goodwill  use  data or other intangible losses (even if we have been advised of the possibility of such damages)  resulting from use or inability to use the Content or any Service; the cost of procurement of substitute services; unauthorized access to or alteration of a user's Content; statements or conduct of any third party on the Services; or any other matter relating to Insight Timer  Content or the Services. Any liability to you or any third party in any circumstance is limited to US$50 in the aggregate. Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental or consequential damages  so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you. The foregoing limitations and exclusions apply to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law.  5.4 You agree to defend  indemnify  release and hold harmless us  our suppliers  and all officers  directors  employees  consultants  agents  and representatives of any of the foregoing (collectively Indemnified Parties) from and against any and all claims (including third party claims)  losses  liability  damages  and/or costs of every kind and nature  known and unknown  suspected and unsuspected  disclosed and undisclosed  arising out of or in any way connected with: (a) your unauthorized access to or use of  the Content and Services  (b) your violation of these Terms  or (c) your infringement  or infringement by any other user of your account  of any intellectual property or other right of any person or entity.  Further  in the event you have a dispute with one or more other users  you hereby release the Indemnified Parties from claims  demands and damages (actual  direct and consequential) of every kind and nature  known and unknown  suspected and unsuspected  disclosed and undisclosed  foreseeable and unforeseeable  arising out of or in any way connected with such disputes.   6.0 PAYMENT The App is free to download. We have certain content products that you may optionally purchase using the in-app purchase facilities on the Google Play Store and Apple App Store. Fees and any other charges for the use of the Services  if any  are described on the App. Fees may change from time to time. If we change fees or charges  we will give you reasonable notice. If they do change  your continued use of the App after the change indicates your agreement with the new fees and charges after the effective date of the change. Any change to fees and other charges will not be applicable to the billing period in which the change occurs. We reserve the right at any time to correct any inadvertent pricing errors  to change or revoke any limited-time offer  and to correct any errors or inaccuracies in the App. You are responsible for all taxes applicable to the fees in any applicable jurisdiction.  7.0 GENERAL PROVISIONS  7.1 Service Discontinuance. We may from time to time modify or discontinue  temporarily or permanently  access to the Services (or any part  feature  or functionality thereof). We shall not be liable for any such modification  suspension or discontinuance.  7.2 Account Termination. We reserve the right  in our sole discretion  to remove or reject any Content by you  or to deny  restrict  suspend  discontinue  or terminate your account  Sign-On Credentials or access to the Services or any portion thereof at any time  with or without prior notice or explanation  for any or no reason  and without liability. We may additionally terminate your account for cause  including for: (a) violation of these Terms; (b) abuse of Services resources or any attempt to gain unauthorized entry to the Services; (c) use of the Services in a manner inconsistent with the purpose of the Services; (d) your request for such termination; and (e) the requirements of applicable law  regulation  court or governing agency order.  Our termination of any user's access to the Services may be effected without notice and  on such termination  we may immediately deactivate or delete any user's account and Content  and/or bar any further access to the Services. We shall not be liable for any termination of access to the Services.  7.3 Trademarks. You are granted no right  title or license to any third party trademarks by these Terms  or to any of our trademarks or service marks except as expressly set forth in these Terms. We reserve all right  title and interest in and to our trademarks  service marks  trade names  domain names  and similar identifiers  including Insight Timer Network TM.  7.4 US DMCA  If you believe that your work has been copied and is accessible on this site in a way that constitutes copyright infringement  you may notify us by providing our copyright agent with the following in writing: a) identification of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed; b) identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing and information reasonably sufficient to permit us to locate the material; c) your name  address  telephone number  and email address; d) a statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner  its agent  or the law; e) a statement  made under penalty of perjury  that the above information in your notice is accurate and that you are the copyright owner or are authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf. The above writing must be electronically or physically signed by you. If we receive such a claim  we may refuse or delete Content as described under this section hereto  or terminate a user's account in accordance with these Terms.  Our designated agent to receive notification of claimed infringement under the Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998 can be contacted via privacy@insight.co and is located at Insight Network Inc  101 The Embarcadero  Suite 200  San Francisco CA 94105  phone: +1 (415)675-2100. In addition to forwarding your notice to the person who provided the allegedly illegal content  we may send a copy of your notice (with your personal information removed) to Chilling Effects (www.chillingeffects.org) for publication and/or annotation. We reserve the right to remove Content alleged to be infringing or otherwise illegal without prior notice and at our sole discretion. In appropriate circumstances  we will also terminate a user's account if the member is determined to be a repeat infringer. 7.5 Governing Law. These Terms  the Services  and Content  and any disputes related to or concerning any of the foregoing (including tort  contract and privacy claims  and whether pre-contractual or extra-contractual) shall be governed by the laws of the State of California  USA. The choice of law rules of any jurisdiction  the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods  and the American Law Institute's Principles of the Law of Software Contracts shall not apply and neither party shall invoke any of the foregoing in any proceeding between the parties. You agree that regardless of any statute or law to the contrary  any claim or cause of action arising out of or related to these Terms  the Services  or Content  must be filed within one (1) year after such claim or cause of action arose  or be forever barred.  7.6 Dispute Resolution. Any disputes between or claims brought by you or us arising out of or related to these Terms  the Services  or Content (including tort  privacy as well as contract claims  and whether pre-contractual or extra-contractual  as well as the arbitrability of any disputes) shall be referred to and finally settled by binding arbitration before the International Court of Arbitration in accordance with the Rules of Arbitration of the International Chamber of Commerce (ICC) in effect at the time of arbitration except as inconsistent with this section. The arbitration shall be conducted by telephone  on-line and/or based solely upon written submissions where no in-person appearance is required. If in-person appearance is required  such hearings shall be held in San Francisco  California. All awards may if necessary be enforced by any court having jurisdiction. The existence of any dispute  the existence or details of the arbitration proceeding  and all related documents  materials  evidence  judgments and awards therein  shall be kept confidential. Except as required by law  no party shall make any public announcements with respect to the proceeding or the award  except as required to enforce same. You and we agree that by entering into this Agreement  the parties hereby waive the right to a trial by jury and agree to only bring claims in an individual capacity and not as a plaintiff or class member in any purported class or representative proceeding. Notwithstanding the foregoing  nothing in this section shall preclude the right and ability to file and maintain at any time an action for recovery of injunctive or provisional relief in any court of competent jurisdiction under the laws applicable thereto. All claims (excluding requests for injunctive or equitable relief) between the parties must be resolved using arbitration in accordance with this section. Should either party file an action contrary to this section  the other party may recover lawyers' fees and costs  provided that the party seeking the award has notified the other party in writing of the improperly filed claim  and the other party has failed to withdraw the claim.  7.7 Assignment. These Terms shall not be assigned  delegated  or transferred by you  in whole or in part  whether voluntary  involuntary  by merger  consolidation  dissolution  sale of assets  or otherwise  without our prior written consent. Any such purported assignment  delegation or transfer without such written consent shall be void. We may at any time assign these Terms without prior consent or notice. These Terms shall be binding on  and inures to the benefit of  the parties and their respective and permitted successors and assigns.  7.8 Injunctive Relief. You acknowledge and agree that breach of these Terms  or any unauthorized use  disclosure or distribution of the Content  may cause irreparable harm to us  the extent of which would be difficult to ascertain  and that we shall be entitled to seek immediate injunctive relief (in addition to any other available remedies)  in any court of competent jurisdiction under the applicable laws thereto.  7.9 Miscellaneous. The Terms constitute the entire agreement between you and us and govern your use of the Services  superseding any prior agreements. You may be subject to additional terms and conditions that may apply when you use affiliate or third party content or services. If any provision of the Terms is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid  the parties nevertheless agree that the court should endeavor to give effect to the parties' intentions as reflected in the provision  and the other provisions of the Terms remain in full force and effect.  No waiver of any provision of these Terms shall be deemed a further waiver or continuing waiver or such provision or any other provision  and our failure to assert any right or provision under these Terms shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision.  Nothing herein shall be deemed to create an agency  partnership  joint venture  employee-employer or franchisor-franchisee relationship of any kind between us and any user or other person or entity  nor do these terms extend rights to any third party.  7.10 Investigations and Cooperation with Law Enforcement.  Insight Timer reserves the right to investigate and prosecute any suspected breaches of these Terms or the Service.  Insight Timer may disclose any information as necessary to satisfy any law  regulation  legal process or governmental request.  7.11  California Consumer Rights Notices.  Residents of California are entitled to the following specific consumer rights information: you may contact the Complaint Assistance Unit of the Division of Consumer Services of the Department of Consumer Affairs by mail at: 400 R St.  Suite 1080  Sacramento  California  95814  or by telephone at (916) 445-1254.  Their website is located at: http://www.dca.ca.gov.  8. TERMS APPLICABLE FOR APPLE iOS If you are using the Services through an Apple device  the following terms apply: (a) To the extent that you are accessing the Services through an Apple device  you acknowledge that these Terms are entered into between you and Insight Timer and  that Apple  Inc. (“Apple”) is not a party to these Terms other than as third-party beneficiary as contemplated below. (b) The license granted to you in these Terms is subject to the permitted Usage Rules set forth in the App Store Terms of Service (see: http://www.apple.com/legal/itunes/us/terms.html) and any third party terms of agreement applicable to the Services. You acknowledge that Insight Timer  and not Apple  is responsible for providing the Services and Content thereof. (c) You acknowledge that Apple has no obligation whatsoever to furnish any maintenance or any support services to you with respect to the Services.  (d) To the maximum extent not prohibited by applicable law  Apple will have no other warranty obligation whatsoever with respect to the Services. (e) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein  and subject to the terms in these Terms  you acknowledge that  solely as between Apple and Insight Timer  Insight Timer  and not Apple is responsible for addressing any claims you may have relating to the Service  or your possession and/or use thereof  including  but not limited  to: (i) product liability claims; (ii) any claim that the Services fails to confirm to any applicable legal or regulatory requirement; and (iii) claims arising under consumer protection or similar legislation.   (f) Further  you agree that if the Services  or your possession and use of the Services  infringes on a third party’s intellectual property rights  you will not hold Apple responsible for the investigation  defense  settlement and discharge of any such intellectual property infringement claims. (g) You acknowledge and agree that Apple  and Apple’s subsidiaries  are third party beneficiaries of these Terms  and that  upon your acceptance of the terms and conditions of these Terms  Apple will have the right (and will be deemed to have accepted the right) to enforce these Terms against you as a third-party beneficiary thereof.  (h) When using the Services  you agree to comply with any and all third party terms that are applicable to any platform  website  technology or service that interacts with the Services.  9. Updates to the Terms.  We reserve the right  at any time in our sole discretion  to modify or replace any part of these Terms and any applicable Additional Terms  without prior notice. You agree that we may notify you of any updated Terms and any applicable Additional Terms by posting them on the Services so that they are accessible via a link from the home page  and/or to send you an e-mail to the last e-mail address you provided to us. All such changes are effective immediately when we post them  or such later date as may be specified in the notice of updated Terms and any applicable Additional Terms. If you object to any such changes  your sole recourse is to cease using the Services.  END OF TERMS OF SERVICE  --  INSIGHT NETWORK INC Privacy Policy v.1.5 Last Updated: 18 May 2020  In this Privacy Policy  we  us  its and our refer to Insight Network Inc and its affiliates (Insight Timer)  and you and your refer to you.  Before using the application and/or website(s) containing the link to this policy (the App)  please read carefully this Privacy Policy (Policy) relating to your use of the App and the Insight Timer services (Services).  A. Introduction  This Policy tells you how we use and takes steps designed to protect personal information collected through use of the App and Services. This Policy covers only information that is collected through this App and our Services  including  for individuals located in the United States  information that is collected by us or through our Service offering to your employer or another corporate organization with which you are affiliated and that uses our enterprise Services. This Policy does not cover other web sites that may be linked to or from this App or Services  and does not cover information that may be collected through software downloaded from this App or Services; nor does this Policy apply to practices of companies that we do not control or to people we do not employ or manage.  By accepting the Policy during registration  you expressly consent to our collection  storage  use and disclosure of your personal information as described in this Policy and to all other terms herein.   This Policy supplements other notices including our Terms of Service and is not intended to override or replace them.  If you are a California resident  please see the “Additional Disclosures for California Residents” section below  and if you have any questions  please contact us as set out in the “Contact Details” section below.  For ease of reading  we have divided this Policy into several sections:    A. Introduction   B. What is personal information and what do we collect?   C. How do we use your personal information?   D. Your Health Data   E. Sharing information   F. Community sharing   G. Password and security   H. For how long do we keep your personal information?   I. International transfers   J. Applicability   K. Children   L. Your Rights and Choices   M. Jurisdiction   N. Policy changes   O. Additional Disclosures for California Residents   P. Additional Disclosures for Nevada Residents   Q. Contact Details  B. What is personal information and what do we collect from you?  The following personal information about you may be collected and stored by us (personal information as used in this policy include personal data as defined under applicable law(s)):  (i) name  email address  photograph and precise or general geo-location; (ii) purchase information based on your activities on the App or Services; (iii) ordering  billing and other similar information you provide to purchase an item or service (which may also be captured by the app store that processes the details of your payment); (iv) activity and usage information based on your activities on the App or Services  such as statistics on your practice  achievement of milestones  etc.; (v) community discussions and posts  messages  dispute resolution  correspondence through the App and Services  and correspondence sent to us; (vi) computer sign-on data  statistics on page views and traffic to and from the App or Services; (vii) other technical information or data collected from App or Services traffic  including IP address and standard web log information; (viii) information that your mobile device sends when you use our Services  like a device identifier  user settings and the operating system of your device  as well as information about your use of our Services (ix) Facebook profile information  such as name  email address and Facebook ID  if you choose to log into the App and user our Services through Facebook. (x) supplemental or additional information we may request from you in the event previous information you've provided cannot be verified; and (xi) information that you voluntarily provide to us.  When you use the App we may collect and store information about your location (general or precise) by converting your IP address into a rough geo-location or by accessing your mobile device’s GPS coordinates or coarse location if you enable location services on your device. We may use location information to improve and personalize our Services for you. If you do not want us to collect location information  you may disable that feature on your mobile device. You can stop all collection of information via the App by uninstalling the app. You can also reset your device Ad Id at any time through your device settings  which is designed to allow you to limit the use of information collected about you. You can stop all collection of precise location data through the App by uninstalling the app or withdrawing your consent through your device settings.  If you choose to invite a “Friend” to use the App and our Services  we will ask you for their email address. We will use this information to invite him or her to join the App. We store this information for the sole purpose of sending invitations. If you ask us to do so by providing your consent  we may also send e-mails inviting your friends from your ‘Contacts’ list.  If your Friend would like us to delete his or her information  they can do so by opting-out as described in each invitation or by contacting us at privacy@insight.co.  Third Party Resources Including Third Party Tracking Technologies  We also use the services of third parties to help us to collect various data about you and the way that you use the App in order to enable us to better understand your interests – both so that we can service content to you that we think will be of interest to you  and so that we can ensure that you are shown adverts delivered by third parties which are more likely to be of interest to you.  We may collect information from your company or employer  including your contact data; social networks when you engage with our content  reference our Service  or grant us permission to access information from the social networks; Research Partners  (as defined below) that analyze information for research and statistical purposes; and publicly-available sources  including data in the public domain.  We use analytics services  such as Google Analytics  to help us understand how users access and use the Service. In addition  we work with agencies  advertisers  ad networks  and other technology services to place ads about our products and services on other websites and services. For example  we place ads through Google and Facebook that you may view on their platforms as well as on other websites and services.    As part of this process  we may incorporate tracking technologies into our own Service (including our website and emails) as well as into our ads displayed on other websites and services. Some of these tracking technologies may track your activities across time and services for purposes of associating the different devices you use  and delivering relevant ads and/or other content to you (“Interest-based Advertising”).   Vendors and other parties may act as our service providers  or in certain contexts  independently decide how to process your information. We encourage you to familiarize yourself with and consult their privacy policies and terms of use.  For further information on the types of tracking technologies we use on the Service and your rights and choices regarding analytics  Interest-based Advertising  and Matched Ads  please see the “Your Rights and Choices” section.   You may remove cookies from your computer at any time.  Please note that we will not ask (and are not required by law to ask) for your consent to deliver cookies which are strictly necessary for us to offer our App and/or Services to you  or to monitor the volume of traffic that passes through our App or websites.  For details of the cookies that we use on our App and/or our website  what those cookies do  and the privacy policies of the third parties which provide them (where relevant) please see our Cookies Policy.  Unless specifically set out in our Cookies Policy  we rely on our legitimate interests as our condition for processing your personal data on the basis set out in this section (specifically that we have a legitimate interest in optimising the App content and ensuring that you are served with relevant commercial communications as you use them).  C. How do we use your personal information?  We may combine your information with information we collect from other sources to improve the App. We do not sell or rent your personally identifiable information to third parties  in the traditional sense of the word “sell ” for their marketing purposes without your prior consent.   You agree that we may use your personal information as specified in the Terms of Service  and to: (i) fulfil the purposes disclosed when you provided your information to us; (ii) provide  deliver  and collect payment for the services  products  and customer support you request; (iii) review and process applications for employment; (iv) resolve disputes  collect fees  and troubleshoot problems; (v) prevent potentially prohibited or illegal activities  and enforce our App- and Service-related agreements; (vi) customize  measure  and improve our services and the App's content and layout; (vii) provide you with personalized content; (viii) tell you about targeted marketing  service updates  and promotional offers based on your communication preferences  to the extent that you have provided us with your consent to receive such communications under applicable law; and (ix) compare information for accuracy  and verify it with third parties. Further  we may disclose personal information to respond to legal requirements  enforce Terms of Service or App policies  in connection with a merger  sale of assets  or other similar corporate transactions  respond to claims that a listing or other content violates the rights of others  or protect the rights  property  or safety or any person.  Please note that this Section does not apply to our use of personal information which relates to your health ('Health Data'). For information on how your Health Data is used  please see below.  If you sign up to receive promotional materials from us via email we will use the information you give us to provide the communications you have requested.  When you receive such promotional communications from us  you will have the opportunity to optout (either through your Account or by following the unsubscribe instructions provided in the e-mail you receive). If you no longer wish to receive push notifications through our App  you may turn them off at the device level.  Please note that we do need to send you certain communications regarding the Services  such as communications regarding updates to our Terms of Service or this Privacy Policy  and you will not be able to opt out of those communications  D. Your Health Data  We will only use your Health Data for the purposes of providing the App to you – for example by using it to tailor the type of content which you receive  or providing you with analytics about your wellbeing – or for scientific research (see section on Research Partners below). Your Health Data will not be used for any other purposes  nor will it be combined with other data.  The following section of our Privacy Policy only applies to users who access our services via Apple devices (i.e. devices which run using the iOS and watchOS operating systems).  If you use an Apple device then it may contain the Apple 'HealthKit' functionality and API  which enables various apps to record and share data about your health and wellbeing where you permit or require them to do so.  The App uses Apple HealthKit API's to send Insight Timer data to Apple Health about how long you spend using the App. This is an opt-in feature within the App's Settings.  The App does not access any health data from the Apple HealthKit which has been stored by other applications that you may use. We only process the personal data that you provide directly to the App  we do not use Apple HealthKit to access any additional personal data that you may have provided to third parties.  E. Sharing Information  We may share your personal data with:   (i) members of our corporate family to help detect and prevent potentially illegal acts and provide joint services to requesting users;   (ii) service providers  consultants or similar contractors to support or enhance the App or our business operations  or to whom we contract in order to carry out transactions initiated by you  such as credit card processing organizations (see “Service Providers” below);   (iii) other third parties to whom you explicitly ask us to send your information (or about whom you are otherwise explicitly notified and solicited consent when using a specific service);   (iv) law enforcement or other governmental officials  in response to a verified request relating to a criminal investigation or alleged illegal activity;   (v) persons we believe in our sole discretion necessary or appropriate in connection with an investigation of fraud  intellectual property infringement  piracy  or other unlawful activity;   (vi) other business entities  should we plan to merge with  or be acquired by that business entity;   (vii) third parties who will use the data for scientific research and study “Research Partners”; and   (viii) Where your account with us is connected to the corporate account of your employer or another organization with which you are affiliated (where your employer  workplace  or other organization with which you are affiliated provides a subscription to the Services or the App) data about your usage of the App may be accessible by that organization and may be personally identifiable to you. While that data is aggregated and intended to enable the corporate provider to monitor overall usage of the App by its personnel  you may be identifiable from it if your usage is very different from other members of your organisation or if your workplace has a small number of individuals who use the service. We may also share such aggregate information with other organizations in order to provide enterprise subscribers with the ability to benchmark the wellness activity of their workforce against that of other organizations. As noted above  while that information will be in aggregate form  you may be identifiable from it if your usage is very different from other members of your organisation or if your workplace has a small number of individuals who use the service.  We will not share your personal information with third parties in order for that third party to provide direct marketing communications to you.  Notwithstanding the above  we may share information that does not identify you (including information that has been aggregated or de-identified) except as prohibited by applicable law. For information on your rights and choices regarding how we share information about you  please see the “Your Rights and Choices” section below.  Research Partners  The data we collect through your use of our App and Services gives us a valuable insight into wellbeing and health data. As such many educational and scientific institutions want to further enhance society’s understanding of wellbeing and health by carrying out scientific research on the data.  Although there is a clear common benefit in providing Research Partners with this data we respect our obligations to provide you with appropriate safeguards and to treat your data with respect. Where we share your personal data with our Research Partners for scientific research and study  we will only provide them with pseudonymised copies of your data.   Furthermore  when we share your personal information with our Research Partners  we stipulate that they protect this data and do not use it for any other purpose than for scientific research and study. We take these relationships seriously and oblige all our Research Partners to sign contracts with us that clearly set out their commitment to respecting individual rights  their commitments to assisting us to help you exercise your rights as a data subject and that they have in place suitable technological and organisational measures so that your data is secure and protected. Our major Research Partners include a variety of universities and educational institutions.  Service Providers  Our service providers provide us with a variety of administrative  statistical  and technical services. We will only provide service providers with the minimum amount of personal information they need to fulfil the services we request  and we stipulate that they protect this data and do not use it for any other purpose. We take these relationships seriously and oblige all of our data processors to sign contracts with us that clearly set out their commitment to respecting individual rights  and their commitments to assisting us to help you exercise your rights as a data subject. Our major service providers include a variety of various cloud hosting companies; and data analytics companies.  F. Community Sharing  In order to offer the services for which you will use the App or Services  your user ID may necessarily be displayed throughout the App and Services and to the public  as well as to your Teams if you are part of the Services used by an enterprise with which you are affiliated. All of your activities on the App and Services will be traceable to your user ID. Notices are sent to other community members regarding suspicious activity and policy violations and refer to user IDs and specific items. Please understand that if you link your name with your user ID  others will be able to personally identify your activities.  Please note that once you make a public posting  you may not be able to change or remove it except as required by applicable law.  G. Password and security  Your password deserves careful thought and protection. Use unique numbers  letters  and special characters and do not disclose your password to anyone. If you do share your password or your personal information with others  remember that you are responsible for all actions taken in the name of your account. If you lose control of your password  you may lose substantial control over your personal information and may be subject to legally binding actions taken on your behalf. If your password has been compromised for any reason  you should immediately access your profile on the App to change your password and notify us immediately at privacy@insight.co.  We take reasonable administrative  physical and electronic measures designed to protect the information that we collect from or about you from unauthorized access  use or disclosure. No method of transmitting information over the Internet or storing information is completely secure and accordingly  we cannot guarantee the absolute security of any information.  H. For how long do we keep your personal data?  We will hold your personal information on our systems only for as long as required to provide you with the Services you have requested or to perform the purpose for which that data was collected.  Where you sign up to receive e-mail marketing from us we will retain your e-mail address on file should you ever ‘opt-out’ of receiving e-mails from us. We will retain your e-mail address in this way in order to ensure that we continue to honour and respect that opt-out request.  In some circumstances you can ask us to delete your data: see ‘Your Rights’ below for further information.  In some circumstances we may de-identify your personal information (so that it can no longer be associated with you) for research or statistical purposes  in which case we may use this data indefinitely without further notice to you.  I. International transfers  Your personal information may be transferred to  and maintained on  computers located outside of your state  province  country or other governmental jurisdiction where the privacy laws may not be as protective as those in your jurisdiction. If you are located outside the United States and choose to provide your personal data to us  we may transfer your personal data to the United States and process it there.  If you would like more information about how the mechanism via which your personal information is transferred  please contact privacy@insight.co.  J. Applicability  Except as otherwise expressly included in this Policy  this Policy addresses only the use and disclosure of information we collect from you. If you disclose your information to others  whether they are users on the App or other Apps throughout the Internet  different rules may apply.  The App and Services may  from time to time  contain links to and from the Services of our partner networks  advertisers and affiliates. If you follow a link to any of these external websites  please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these websites or their policies. Please check these policies before you submit any personal information to these external websites.  K. Children  The App and Services are not directed to children under thirteen (13) years of age  and we do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from such children. If you are younger than thirteen  please do not provide any personally identifiable information to us. If a person 13 years of age or younger has provided personal information to us  a parent or guardian of such person should contact us at help@insight.co so that we can remove such personal information from our database.  We reserve the right to limit participation in particular programs  offers or promotions to those over 18 years of age.  In California  we do not knowingly “sell” the personal information of minors under 16 years old.  L. Your Rights and Choices  EU Data Subject Rights  If you are a data subject located in the European Union you have a number of rights in relation to your personal information. Below  we have described the various rights that you have  as well as how you can exercise them.   Right of Access  You may  at any time  request access to the personal information that we hold which relates to you (you may have heard of this right being described as a subject access request).  Please note that this right entitles you to receive a copy of the personal information that we hold about you in order to enable you to check that it is correct and to ensure that we are processing that personal information lawfully. It is not a right that allows you to request personal information about other people  or a right to request specific documents from us that do not relate to your personal information.  You can exercise this right at any time by writing to us using the contact details set out privacy@insight.co and telling us that you are making a subject access request. You do not have to fill in a specific form to make this kind of request.   Your Right to Rectification and Erasure  You may  at any time  request that we correct personal information that we hold about you which you believe is incorrect or inaccurate. You may also ask us to erase personal information if you do not believe that we need to continue retaining it (you may have heard of this right described as the “right to be forgotten”). To do this  we recommend that you log into the App or Services.  We will not manually modify your personal information because it is very difficult to verify your identity remotely. Please note that we may ask you to verify any new data that you provide to us and may take our own steps to check that the new data you have supplied us with is right. Further  we are not always obliged to erase personal information when asked to do so; if for any reason we believe that we have a good legal reason to continue processing personal information that you ask us to erase we will tell you what that reason is at the time we respond to your request.  You must promptly update your personal information if it changes or is inaccurate. Upon your request  we will close your account and remove your personal information from view as soon as reasonably possible  based on your account activity and in accordance with applicable law.   Your Right to Restrict Processing  Where we process your personal information on the basis of a legitimate interest (see the sections of this Policy which explain how and why we use your information) you are entitled to ask us to stop processing it in that way if you feel that our continuing to do so impacts on your fundamental rights and freedoms or if you feel that those legitimate interests are not valid.  We may process your data on the basis of a legitimate interest in the following ways:  - Optimised App content  - Track products and services that are popular   You may also ask us to stop processing your personal information (a) if you dispute the accuracy of that personal information and want us verify that data's accuracy; (b) where it has been established that our use of the data is unlawful but you do not want us to erase it; (c) where we no longer need to process your personal information (and would otherwise dispose of it) but you wish for us to continue storing it in order to enable you to establish  exercise or defend legal claims.  Please note that if for any reason we believe that we have a good legal reason to continue processing personal information that you ask us to stop processing  we will tell you what that reason is  either at the time we first respond to your request or after we have had the opportunity to consider and investigate it.  You can exercise this right at any time by writing to us using the contact details set out privacy@insight.co and telling us that you are making a request to have us stop processing the relevant aspect of your personal information and describing which of the above conditions you believe is relevant to that request. You do not have to fill in a specific form to make this kind of request.   Your Right to Portability  Where you wish to transfer certain personal information that we hold about you  which is processed by automated means  to a third party you may write to us and ask us to provide it to you in a commonly used machine-readable format.  Because of the kind of work that we do and the systems that we use  we do not envisage this right being particularly relevant to the majority of individuals with whom we interact. However  if you wish to transfer your data from us to a third party we are happy to consider such requests.   Your Right to object to automated decision making and profiling  You have the right to be informed about the existence of any automated decision making and profiling of your personal information  and where appropriate  be provided with meaningful information about the logic involved  as well as the significance and the envisaged consequences of such processing that affects you.  Rights of All Users  Your Right to stop receiving communications  Where we send you e-mail marketing communications (or other regulated electronic messages) you have the right to opt-out at any time. You can do this by using the ‘unsubscribe’ link that appears in the footer of each communication (or the equivalent mechanism in those communications).  Alternatively  if for any reason you cannot use those links  or if you would prefer to contact us directly – you can unsubscribe by writing to us at privacy@insight.co and telling us which communications you would like us to stop sending you.    Analytics and Advertising  Google provides tools to allow you to opt out of the use of certain information collected by Google Analytics at https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout and by Google Analytics for Display Advertising or the Google Display Network at https://www.google.com/settings/ads/onweb/.    The companies we work with to provide you with targeted ads are required by us to give you the choice to opt out of receiving targeted ads. Most of these companies are participants of the Digital Advertising Alliance (“DAA”) and/or the Network Advertising Initiative (“NAI”). To learn more about the targeted ads provided by these companies  and how to opt out of receiving certain targeted ads from them  please visit: (i) for website targeted ads from DAA participants  https://www.aboutads.info/choices; (ii) for app targeted ads from DAA participants  https://www.aboutads.info/appchoices; and (iii) for targeted ads from NAI participants  https://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/. Opting out only means that the selected participants should no longer deliver certain targeted ads to you  but does not mean you will no longer receive any targeted content and/or ads (e.g.  in connection with the participants’ other customers or from other technology services).  You may also limit our use of information collected from or about your mobile device for purposes of serving targeted ads to you by going to your device settings and selecting “Limit Ad Tracking” (for iOS devices) or “Opt out of Interest-Based Ads” (for Android devices).    Please note that if you opt out using any of these methods  the opt-out will only apply to the specific browser or device from which you opt out. We are not responsible for the effectiveness of  or compliance with  any opt out options or programs  or the accuracy of any other entities’ statements regarding their opt-out options or programs. California Resident Rights  Please see the Section below entitled “Additional Disclosures for California Residents”  Exercising your rights  When you write to us making a request to exercise your rights we are entitled to ask you to prove that you are who you say you are. We may ask you to provide copies of relevant ID documents to help us to verify your identity.  It will help us to process your request if you clearly state which right you wish to exercise and  where relevant  why it is that you are exercising it. The clearer and more specific you can be  the faster and more efficiently we can deal with your request. If you do not provide us with sufficient information then we may delay actioning your request until you have provided us with additional information (and where this is the case we will tell you).  M. Jurisdiction  Insight Network Inc is located in the United States  as are the servers that make the App available. All matters relating to privacy issues are governed by the laws of the United States.  N. Policy Changes  We may amend this Policy at any time by posting the amended terms on the App  which will automatically take effect after they are initially posted except as otherwise specified. If we make any material changes we will notify you by email (sent to the e-mail address specified in your account) or by means of a notice in the Services prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.  O. Additional Disclosures for Nevada Residents   Nevada law (NRS 603A.340) requires each business to establish a designated request address where Nevada consumers may submit requests directing the business not to sell certain kinds of personal information that the business has collected or will collect about the consumer. A sale under Nevada law is the exchange of personal information for monetary consideration by the business to a third party for the third party to license or sell the personal information to other third parties. If you are a Nevada consumer and wish to submit a request relating to our compliance with Nevada law  please contact us as at privacy@insight.co. P. Additional Disclosures for California Residents   These additional disclosures for California residents apply only to individuals who reside in California. The California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”) provides additional rights to know  delete and opt out  and requires businesses collecting or disclosing personal information to provide notices and means to exercise rights.    1. Notice of Collection   In the past 12 months  we have collected the following categories of personal information listed in the CCPA:  (i) Identifiers  including name  email address  phone number account name  IP address  and an ID or number assigned to your account. (ii) Customer Records  including bank account and routing number.  (iii) Demographics  such as your gender. This category includes data that may qualify as protected classifications under other California or federal laws. (iv) Commercial information  including the your history and tendencies of meditations and music;  (v) Internet activity  including  interactions with our Service. (vi) Audio or visual data  including your profile picture. (vii) Geolocation data  including location enabled services such as WiFi and GPS. (viii) Inferences  including information about your interests  preferences and favorites.  For more information on information we collect  including the sources we receive information from  review the What information do we collect? section. We collect and use these categories of personal information for the business purposes described in the How do we use your information? section  including to provide and manage our Services.   As noted above  Insight Timer does not generally sell information as the term “sell” is traditionally understood. However  to the extent “sale” under the CCPA is interpreted to include advertising technology activities such as those disclosed in the “Analytics and Advertising” section as a “sale ” we will comply with applicable law as to such activity. Insight Timer discloses the following categories of personal information for commercial purposes: identifiers  commercial information  demographic information  internet activity  geolocation data and inferences. We use and partner with different types of entities to assist with our daily operations and manage our Service. Please review the Sharing Information section for more detail about the parties we have shared information with.  2. Right to Know and Delete  If you are a California resident  you have the right to delete the personal information we have collected from you and the right know certain information about our data practices in the preceding 12 months. In particular  you have the right to request the following from us:   (i) The categories of personal information we have collected about you;   (ii) The categories of sources from which the personal information was collected;  (iii) The categories of personal information about you we disclosed for a business purpose or sold;  (iv) The categories of third parties to whom the personal information was disclosed for a business purpose or sold;  (v) The business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling the personal information; and  (vi) The specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you.  To exercise any of these rights  please email us at privacy@insight.co.  In the request  please specify which right you are seeking to exercise and the scope of the request. We will confirm receipt of your request within 10 days. We may require specific information from you to help us verify your identity and process your request. If we are unable to verify your identity  we may deny your requests to know or delete.  3. Right to Opt-Out  To the extent Insight Timer sells your personal information as the term “sell” is defined under the California Consumer Privacy Act  you have the right to opt-out of the sale of your personal information by us to third parties at any time. You may submit a request to opt-out by clicking Do Not Sell My Personal Information. You may also submit a request to opt-out by emailing us at privacy@insight.co.    4. Authorized Agent   You can designate an authorized agent to submit requests on your behalf. However  we will require written proof of the agent’s permission to do so and verify your identity directly.   5. Right to Non-Discrimination   You have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment by us for the exercise of any your rights.   6. Shine the Light  Customers who are residents of California may request (i) a list of the categories of personal information disclosed by us to third parties during the immediately preceding calendar year for those third parties’ own direct marketing purposes; and (ii) a list of the categories of third parties to whom we disclosed such information. We do not share your personal information with third parties for those third parties’ own direct marketing purposes.  To learn more about our compliance with this law  please write us at the email or postal address set out in “Contact Details” above and specify that you are making a “California Shine the Light Request.” We may require additional information from you to allow us to verify your identity and are only required to respond to requests once during any calendar year.  7. Do Not Track. Your browser settings may allow you to automatically transmit a “Do Not Track” signal to online services you visit. Note  however  there is no industry consensus as to what site and app operators should do with regard to these signals. Accordingly  unless and until the law is interpreted to require us to do so  we do not monitor or take action with respect to “Do Not Track” signals.  For more information on “Do Not Track ” visit http://www.allaboutdnt.com.  Q. Contact Details  You may contact us at help@insight.co to request access  correction or deletion of any information we have about you  or to submit questions or complaints about this Policy.  