   FITSW PRIVACY POLICY    FITSW  INC. (We )  is committed to safeguarding your privacy on its Websites located at  www.fitsw.com  www.findtraingain.com and its affiliated websites. This FitSW Privacy Policy does not apply to  products or services provided  or information obtained  other than through the  Websites. Please read the following policy to understand how your information  will be treated. We may modify this policy from time to time by posting a  revised policy at this Website address  so please check back periodically. When  this policy is modified  if the modifications are significant  we will display  the following next to the link to the policy at the Website: RECENTLY  REVISED   for a period of thirty (30) days following posting. If there is a  material change in the collection  use  or disclosure practices to which you  have previously agreed  we will attempt to send you a notice via e-mail if you  have provided us with an e-mail address. Please keep in mind that some of the  services mentioned specifically in this policy may not be available on the site  at this time. If you have questions concerning this policy  please contact us at support@fitsw.com . This Privacy Policy is effective as of  December 22  2017.   What  information does FitSW collect from me?   When you  complete our online registration process or participate in our Websites as a  user of FitSW  Inc.  we collect certain personal information. We  collect the following categories of personally identifiable information through  the Websites: - Contact Information: including name and e-mail address - Program Preferences: information about your workout program formats and  preferences - Personal Statistics: including date of birth  height  weight and gender - Personal Goals: your personal goals for your workout program - Current Exercise Regimen: information about your current exercise habits and  equipment - Workout Log: information about your participation in your current workout  program - Food Journal: information about your daily eating habits - General Client Information: general information about your workout program   health  eating habits  and mental state. These may be in the form of questions  to the personal trainer   We  collect information in several ways. For example  some of this personal  information is gathered when you register as a customer using our Sign Up  Registration process. During registration  we ask for your contact information. Once you register  you are no longer anonymous to us  and are able to take full advantage of our services. In addition to  registration  we may ask you for information at other times  such as when you  report a problem with our site or services  or contact the company via the  corporate e-mail address. You will also have the opportunity to submit workout  logs  and general program information throughout your use of our  services. If you contact us  we may keep a record of that correspondence.  If you believe that any inaccurate or inappropriate information has been  obtained or disseminated through your use of these Websites  you should contact a  representative of FitSW  Inc. at support@fitsw.com .   What  are cookies and how does FitSW use them?   As part  of offering and providing customizable and personalized services  many Websites  use cookies to store and sometimes track information about you. A cookie is a  small amount of data that is sent to your browser from a Web server and stored  on your computer's hard drive. We use cookies to allow faster and easier access  to your account information  monitor traffic on the site and measure traffic  patterns to improve functionality. Click here for our entire Cookie  Policy . This policy may be updated by us from time to time  so please check here  frequently.   How  does FitSW use the information?   Our  primary goal in collecting information is to improve the site and provide  you with the best possible experience on the site. For example  by using the  information collected  we are able to provide you with an easy to use and  readily available forum to access your www.fitsw.com and www.findtraingain.com account information.  All of your entered information is made available to your personal  trainer. We will also use your personal information to notify you of other  products or services available from FitSW  Inc. and its business  affiliates.  We also may do research on our users' demographics and behavior based on the  information provided to us upon registration  gathered from transaction  activity  from our server log files or from surveys. This research may be  compiled  analyzed or sold on an aggregated basis  which does not include  information identifying individual users. FitSW also may share this  aggregated data with business partners or other third parties.   Who is  collecting information?   When you  are on a FitSW Website and are asked for personal information  you are  sharing that information with www.fitsw.com  www.findtraingain.com  the FitSW personal  trainers  and FitSW  Inc. and its affiliates and service  providers. If personal data is to be collected and/or maintained by any company  other than FitSW  Inc. or its affiliates   we will attempt to notify you on the Websites or in an updated version of this  Privacy Policy. If you do not want your data to be shared  you can choose not to  allow the transfer by not using that particular service. Your information may be  stored on servers maintained by our internet service providers or on our local  servers or PC hard drives.   Please be  aware that other Websites to which we link may collect personally identifiable  information about you when you visit those sites. The information practices of  other Websites linked to our Websites are not covered by this Privacy Policy.   With whom does FitSW share my information?   We will  not disclose any of your personally identifiable information except when we have  your permission or under special circumstances  such as when we believe in good  faith that the law requires it or under the circumstances described below. The  following describes some of the ways that your information may be disclosed.   Categories of Third Parties with whom We May Share Personally Identifiable  Information : We may provide your personally identifiable information to our  affiliates  and our trusted business partners or persons for the sole purpose of  processing that information on behalf of us. When this is done  we request that  those parties process such information only in accordance with our instructions   and to maintain appropriate confidentiality and security measures.   Data in the Aggregate : We may disclose blinded aggregated data and user  statistics to prospective partners and other third parties  and for other lawful  purposes. Blinded data is data which does not identify an individual person.   Other :  We also may disclose account information in special cases when we have reason to  believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify  contact or  bring legal action against someone who may be violating the FitSW  Terms and Conditions of Use  or may otherwise be causing injury to or  interference with (either intentionally or unintentionally) our rights or  property  other FitSW  Inc. Websites users or clients  or anyone else  that could be harmed by such activities. We may disclose or access account  information when we believe in good faith that the law requires it and for  administrative and other purposes that we deem necessary to maintain  service  and improve our products and services.   We may  occasionally hire other companies to provide limited services on our behalf   including packaging and mailing  answering customer questions about products or  services  sending postal mail  providing investor information and processing  data. We will only provide those companies the information they need to deliver  the service  and they are prohibited from using that information for any other  purpose.  As we continue to develop our business  we may buy or sell businesses or assets.  In such transactions  confidential customer information generally is one of the  transferred business assets. In the event of a transaction involving the sale of  some or all of our businesses  customer and site visitor information may be one  of the transferred assets.   How  can I control my personal information?   We offer  our clients choices for the collection  use and sharing of personal information.  You may contact us at support@fitsw.com if you wish to view  edit or delete  your personal information from our database  and we will use commercially  reasonable efforts to accommodate your request.   How do we protect financial-related information?   Keeping  your personal financial information private is vitally important to us. As a  matter of policy and long time business practice  FitSW does not sell  information provided by its clients. Any user statistics that we may provide to  prospective partners regarding financial matters are provided in the aggregate  only and do not include any personally identifiable information about any  individual user. We may process credit payment transactions through a third party  site that will transfer your credit card number  bank account number or other  personal information to the appropriate credit card company or bank  or to Pay  Pal or a similar service in order to process any online payments.   What security precautions are in place to protect the loss  misuse or  alteration of my information?   Your  FitSW Account Information is password-protected so you have access to  this personal information. Remember to sign out of your FitSW account  and close your browser window when you have finished your work. This is to  ensure that others cannot access your account by using your computer when you  are away from it. Because of the global nature of the Internet  when you give us  information  that information may be sent electronically to servers outside of  the country where you originally entered the information. Unfortunately  no data  transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. Except as  discussed above or otherwise designated  this site does not use security  encryption measures. Therefore  information that you disclose by use of this  site (as with any site that is non-secure)  by posting a message or using email   potentially could be collected and used by others. This may result in  unsolicited messages from third parties or use of such information by third  parties for their own purposes  legal or illegal. As a result  while we strive  to protect your personal information  we cannot ensure or warrant the security  of any information you transmit to us or from our services  and you do so at  your own risk. Once we receive your transmission  we use our reasonable efforts  to ensure its security on our systems.   What else should I know about my privacy?   Please  keep in mind that whenever you voluntarily disclose information online  that  information may be accessible to other clients and users. Ultimately  you are  solely responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your passwords and/or any  account information. Please be careful and responsible whenever you are online. When you or we end your customer relationship with us  we will treat the  information we have about you as if you were still our customer.   The link for our Privacy Policy is https://www.fitsw.com/privacy/ Privacy Policy | Liability Release Agreement | Cookie Policy | Terms of Use  