    For Employers Mindcare More Privacy Policy    Latest Update: March 26  2020  ​  Your privacy is very important to us—that’s why our privacy policies already adhered to the high standard of the new European data protection law known as GDPR  and why we’re ensuring we maintain those rights and extend them to all our users  inside and outside the EU.  ​  What Third Party services do you use?    We use a number of third parties to store user data in order to provide/improve our services:    We use Google Analytics and Firebase to track usage patterns in order to improve user experience and product features.    We use Sentry to track errors that occur within our products. This also includes certain data that correlates with the error  but does not include sensitive customer information (passwords  tokens etc).    We send marketing newsletters or updates using Mailchimp . These emails are only sent to customers who signed up specifically to receive the newsletter.    We send transactional and administrative emails through Mandrill .    All payments are processed by Apple and Google . We don’t currently store any payment information or customer data from these transactions.    We temporarily store working documents on Zendesk or Google Drive if we are testing them in order to test bugs or respond to support requests.    Please read below to see how MindFi handles information. Before you get to the details  here are a few of our fundamental privacy principles:    Information you upload or post to MindFi may be seen by others depending on your privacy settings.    We aggregate and de-identify certain information about our users to use for business purposes.    We give you several ways to control the privacy of your personal information and are continuously working to enhance privacy options available to you.    MindFi respects your privacy and shares your concern about the security of information you may submit to MindFi’s websites and the related mobile applications and services (collectively  the “Services”). Our privacy policy (the “Privacy Policy”) explains the information we collect  how we use and share it  how to manage your privacy settings and your rights in connection with the Services. Please also read the Terms of Service which sets out the terms governing the Services.  MindFi is headquartered in Singapore and our Services are provided to you by Jaedye Labs Pte. Ltd. If you are a resident of the European Union (“EU”)  Jaedye Labs Pte. Ltd. is the controller of your personal data for the purposes of EU data protection law.  This policy was written in English. To the extent a translated version conflicts with the English version  the English version controls. Unless indicated otherwise  this Privacy Policy does not apply to third party products or services or the practices of companies that we do not own or control  including other companies you might interact with on or through the Services.  Questions or comments about this Privacy Policy may be submitted to help@mindfi.co  ​  We Collect  Use  Share and Otherwise Process Information  ​  MindFi relies on a number of legal bases to collect  use  share  and otherwise process the information we have about you for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy  including:    as necessary to provide the Services and fulfill our obligations pursuant to the Terms of Service .    where you have consented to the processing  which you can revoke at any time. For example  you may consent to the processing of health-related information;    where necessary to comply with a legal obligation  a court order  or to exercise and defend legal claims;    to protect your vital interests  or those of others  such as in the case of emergencies;    where you have made the information public;    where necessary in the public interest; and    where necessary for the purposes of MindFi’s or a third party’s legitimate interests  such as those of visitors  users or partners.  Our Legitimate Interests  ​  We process your information in furtherance of our legitimate interests  including:    providing and improving the Services  including any personalized Services. We do so as it is necessary to pursue our legitimate interests of providing and developing innovative and tailored offerings to our users on a sustained basis; and    keeping the Services safe and secure. We do so as it is necessary to pursue the legitimate interests of MindFi and its users in ensuring the Services are secure  and to protect against fraud  spam and abuse  etc.  Information MindFi Collects  ​  MindFi collects information about you  including information that directly or indirectly identifies you  if you or your other users choose to share it with MindFi. We receive information in a few different ways  including when you track  complete or upload activities using the Services. MindFi also collects information about how you use the Services. There are also several opportunities for you to share information about yourself and your activities with MindFi. For example:    We collect basic account information such as your name  email address  date of birth  gender  username and password that helps secure and provide you with access to our Services.    Profile and user information is collected about you when you choose to upload a picture  activity (including date  time  geo-location information) or post  view others’ activities  or otherwise use the Services.    MindFi may collect or infer health information which may include information such as heart rate or other biometric information  such as sleep  height and weight or other indicators. Before you can upload health information to MindFi or information from which MindFi can infer health information  you must give your explicit consent to the processing of that health information by MindFi. You can withdraw your consent to MindFi processing your health information at any time.    We gather information from the photos  posts  comments and other content you share on the Services  including when you participate in partner events.    When you make a payment on MindFi  you may provide payment information such as your payment card or other payment details. We use Payment Card Industry compliant third-party payment services and we do not store your credit card information.    We may collect and process location information when you sign up for and use the Services. To record your session and to provide you with your usage statistics and inclusion in the Service’s features  it is necessary to collect and record the physical location of your device including  data such as speed and direction. Processing of your location data is essential to the Services which we provide and a necessary part of our performance of the agreement we have with you.    MindFi allows you to sign up and log in to the Services using accounts you create with third-party products and services  such as Facebook (collectively  “Third-Party Accounts”). If you access the Services with Third-Party Accounts we will collect information that you have agreed to make available such as your name  email address  profile information and preferences with the applicable Third-Party Account. This information is collected by the Third-Party Account provider and is provided to MindFi under their privacy policies. You can generally control the information that we receive from these sources using the privacy settings in your Third-Party Account.    To help us to provide you with the best possible service  you can choose to provide us with your contact information so we can better respond to your support requests and comments.    We also obtain additional third party information about users from marketers  partners  researchers  and others. We may combine information that we collect from you with information obtained from other users  third parties and information derived from any other subscription  product  or service we provide. We may also collect information about you from other users such as when they comment about you.    We collect information from your browser  computer  or mobile device  which provide us with technical information when you access or use the Services. This technical information includes device and network information  cookies  log files and analytics information.  Cookies and Similar Technologies  ​  When you visit the Services  a cookie will be stored on your computer. Generally  cookies and similar technologies work by assigning to your browser or device a unique number that has no meaning outside of MindFi. MindFi uses these technologies to personalize your experience and to assist in delivering content specific to your interests. Additionally  after you’ve entered your user ID and password during a session on the Services  MindFi saves that information so you don’t have to re-enter it repeatedly during that session.  Most browsers automatically accept cookies. To manage the collection of information through cookies or other equivalent technology you can use the settings on your browser or mobile device. MindFi is committed to providing you choices to manage your privacy and sharing. However  MindFi does not recognize or respond to browser-initiated Do Not Track signals  as the internet industry has not fully developed Do Not Track standards  implementations and solutions. To learn more about Do Not Track signals  you can visit https://allaboutdnt.com . Not accepting cookies may make certain features of the Services unavailable to you. MindFi may also use your IP address to identify you  to administer the Services and to assist in diagnosing problems with MindFi’s servers.    Log Files  ​  The Services use log files. Stored information includes IP addresses  browser type  internet service provider (ISP)  referring/exit pages  platform type  date/time stamp  and number of clicks. This information is used to analyze trends  administer  protect and secure the Services  track user movement in the aggregate  and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use.    How MindFi Uses Information  ​  MindFi uses the information we collect and receive to administer and operate the Services and to customize them for you. For example  we use your heart rate  sleep or “Mindful Minutes” information to provide you with interesting and useful performance analysis. Subject to your privacy settings   your information  including your profile  username  photos  users you follow and who follow you  your activities  and comments you give and receive will be shared on MindFi so that you may be able to participate in the Services  for example  to show your place on a leaderboard. Certain information (e.g.  your name and some profile information) may also be available to non-members on the web.  We use the information we collect about you  your friends and your activities to customize your experience. We also use the information we collect to process payments  provide support related to the Services  protect members and enforce our Terms of Service   promote safety  and to communicate with you (including to send marketing communications) where you have agreed to receive such messages and notifications.  We also use the information we collect to analyze  develop and improve the Services. To do this  MindFi may use third party analytics providers to gain insights into how our Services are used and to help us improve the Services.  We may also use the information we collect to market and promote the Services  activities on MindFi  and other commercial products or services. This includes customizing your MindFi experience. For example  if we know that you like to meditate  we may tell you about new meditation activities or show you sponsored content related to meditation. If we see that you meditate in a certain area  we may suggest an event in that area. We may also mention that you have used our partners’ products or services as part of your activities. MindFi may aggregate the information you and others make available in connection with the Services and post it publicly or share it with approved third parties. To do this  we remove certain account information  such as your name  and combine the resulting information with similar information from other MindFi users. Examples of the type of information we may aggregate in this way include information about usage  demographics  meditation sessions and performance. MindFi will not share information with third parties  except for research-related parties  and will only use this information for the purpose of improving your MindFi usage experience  such as to improve mindfulness  meditation  work  productivity. For information sharing with research-related parties  we will seek your explicit permission and also ensure that the researcher has secured approval from an independent ethics review board and will provide proof of such approval upon request. Please contact us at help@mindfi.co via email or within the app’s “Contact Us” feature if you object to MindFi using your information for these purposes. Because the data we aggregate comes from activities  information  and content you shared on the Services and which is identified with your MindFi user name among other information  someone looking at this information you’ve shared could draw a potential connection.    How Information is Shared  ​  Service Providers  ​  We may share your information with third parties who provide services to MindFi such as supporting and improving the Services  promoting the Services  processing payments  or fulfilling orders. These service providers will only have access to the information necessary to perform these limited functions on our behalf and are required to protect and secure your information. We may also engage service providers to collect information about your use of the Services over time on our behalf so that we or they may promote MindFi or display information that may be relevant to your interests on the Services or other websites or services.  ​  Third Party Business via API or Other Integrations  ​  When you choose to use third party apps  plug-ins  or websites that integrate with the Services  they may receive your information and content  including your personal information  photos  and your activity data (including private activities). Information collected by these third parties is subject to their terms and policies. MindFi is not responsible for the terms or policies of third parties.    Affiliates and Acquirors of our Business or Assets    We may share your information with affiliates under common control with us  who are required to comply with the terms of this Privacy Policy with regard to your information. If MindFi becomes involved in a business combination  securities offering  bankruptcy  reorganization  dissolution or other similar transaction  we may share or transfer your information in connection with such a transaction.    Legal Requirements  ​  We may preserve and share your information with third parties  including law enforcement  public or governmental agencies  or private litigants  within or outside your country of residence  if we determine that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to comply with the law  including to respond to court orders  warrants  subpoenas  or other legal or regulatory process. We may also retain  preserve or disclose your information if we determine that disclosure is reasonably necessary or appropriate to prevent any person from death or serious bodily injury  to address issues of national security or other issues of public importance  to prevent or detect violations of our Terms of Service or fraud or abuse of MindFi or its users  or to protect our operations or our property or other legal rights  including by disclosure to our legal counsel and other consultants and third parties in connection with actual or potential litigation.    DMCA Notices  ​  We may share your information with third parties when we forward Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA) notifications  which will be forwarded as submitted to us without any deletions.    How We Protect Information    We are committed to protecting your privacy and data.   Data storage and transfer: Your information collected through the Services is stored and processed on our secure servers with Amazon Web Services (AWS) in Singapore or any other country in which MindFi or its affiliates or service providers maintain facilities. We encrypt sensitive information (e.g. your login credentials  PII) during transmission and storage.  The Services use industry standard Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology to allow for the encryption of personal information and other sensitive information. In addition  MindFi’s secure servers protect this information using advanced firewall technology.  Any payment transactions will be encrypted using SSL technology; all payment data is stored with our payment processor and is never stored on MindFi’s servers.   Keeping your information safe: We have put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost  used or accessed in an unauthorized way  altered or disclosed. In addition  we limit access to your personal data to those employees  agents  contractors and other third parties who have a business need to know. They will only process your personal data on our instructions and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality. We have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected personal data breach and will notify you  other involved parties  and any applicable regulator(s) of a breach where we are legally required to do so. However  no security system is impenetrable  and we cannot 100% guarantee the security of our systems.   To help ensure that these measures are effective in preventing unauthorized access to your private information  you should be aware of the security features available to you through your browser. You should use a security-enabled browser to submit your credit card information and other personal information at the Services. Please note that if you do not use an SSL-capable browser  you are at risk of having data intercepted.  ​  ​  Managing Your Settings  ​  Adjust Notification and Email Preferences  ​  MindFi offers various ways to manage the notifications you receive. You may also unsubscribe by following the instructions contained at the bottom of each type of email. Any administrative or service-related emails (to confirm a purchase  or an update to this Privacy Policy or the Terms of Service   etc.) generally do not offer an option to unsubscribe as they are necessary to provide the Services you requested.    Updating Account Information  ​  You may correct  amend or update profile or account information that is inaccurate at any time by adjusting that information in your account settings. If you need further assistance  please contact MindFi at help@mindfi.co . MindFi will generally respond to your request within 7-10 business days.  ​  Deleting Information and Accounts    You can delete your account anytime inside the Services by visiting Settings. Once deleted  your data  including your account  activities  and place on leaderboards cannot be reinstated.  Note that the content you have shared with others or that others have copied may also remain visible after you have deleted your account or deleted the information from your own profile.  ​  EU Users’ Rights  ​  If you are habitually located in the European Union  you have the right to access  rectify  download or erase your information  as well as the right to restrict and object to certain processing of your information. While some of these rights apply generally  certain rights apply only in certain limited circumstances. We describe these rights below:    Access and Porting  ​  You can access much of your information by logging into your account. If you want a copy of your data or require additional access  contact us at help@mindfi.co .    Rectify  Restrict  Limit  Delete    You can also rectify  restrict  limit or delete much of your information by logging into your account and by accessing Settings in the mobile applications. If you are unable to do this  please contact us at help@mindfi.co . MindFi will generally respond to your request within 10-14 business days.    Object  ​  Where we process your information based on our legitimate interests explained above  or in the public interest  you can object to this processing in certain circumstances. In such cases  we will cease processing your information unless we have compelling legitimate grounds to continue processing or where it is needed for legal reasons.    Revoke consent    Where you have previously provided your consent  such as to permit us to process health-related data about you  you have the right to withdraw your consent to the processing of your information at any time. In certain cases  we may continue to process your information after you have withdrawn consent if we have a legal basis to do so or if your withdrawal of consent was limited to certain processing activities.    Complain  ​  Should you wish to raise a concern about our use of your information (and without prejudice to any other rights you may have)  you have the right to do so with your local supervisory authority.    Transfers  ​  The Services are operated from the Republic of Singapore. If you are located outside of the Republic of Singapore and choose to use the Services or provide information to us  you acknowledge and understand that your information will be transferred  processed and stored in the Republic of Singapore  as it is necessary to provide the Services and perform the Terms of Service . Singapore privacy laws may not be as protective as those in your jurisdiction.    Retention of Information    We retain information as long as it is necessary to provide the Services to you and others  subject to any legal obligations to further retain such information. Information associated with your account will generally be kept until it is no longer necessary to provide the Services or until you ask us to delete it or your account is deleted whichever comes first. For example  when you withdraw your consent to MindFi processing your health-related information  MindFi will delete all health-related information you uploaded. Following the deletion of your account  it may take up to 30 days to fully delete your personal information and system logs from our systems. Additionally  we may retain information from deleted accounts to comply with the law  prevent fraud  collect fees  resolve disputes  troubleshoot problems  assist with investigations  enforce the Terms of Service and take other actions permitted by law. The information we retain will be handled in accordance with this Privacy Policy.  Information about you that is no longer necessary and relevant to provide our Services may be de-identified and aggregated with other non-personal data to provide insights that are commercially valuable to MindFi  such as statistics of the use of the Services. For example  we may retain mindful minutes  session data such as time used and duration  to continue to improve the Services. This information will be de-associated with your name and other identifiers.    Health Information    We do not use information collected through the Services to infer health information that we consider sensitive  such as a user's past  present or potential future health or medical condition or treatment  including but not limited to genetic  genomic  and family medical history. We may  however  infer a user's potential interest in certain non-sensitive health and wellness categories  such as exercise and fitness activities  diet and weight loss  nutrition  healthy living  or physical and massage therapy. We may use this non-sensitive health and wellness information for the purpose of delivering more relevant content  services  offers to our users.  Children  We do not knowingly collect Personal Data from children under the age of 13 and do not target our Services to children under 13. If you are under 13  please do not submit any Personal Data through the Services. We encourage parents and legal guardians to monitor their children's Internet usage and to help enforce our Privacy Policy by instructing their children to never provide Personal Data through any of our Services without their permission. If you have reason to believe that a child under the age of 13 has provided Personal Data to us  please contact us  and we will endeavor to delete that information from our databases.    Other MindFi Sites  ​  MindFi maintains certain websites that can be accessed outside of http://www.mindfi.co   such as http://www.getmindfi.com (the “Other Sites”). The Other Sites maintain the look and feel of the Services  but are hosted by outside service providers with their own terms and privacy policies. If you interact with the Other Sites  your information may be stored  processed  or shared outside of the Services. If you interact with the Other Sites  you acknowledge that you may be subject to the terms and conditions and policies applicable to such Other Site. Please be aware that any personal information you submit to the Other Sites may be read  collected  or used by other users of these forums indefinitely  and could be used to send you unsolicited messages. MindFi is not responsible for the personal information you choose to submit via the Other Sites.    Privacy Policy Information   MindFi reserves the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time. Please review it occasionally. If MindFi makes changes to this Privacy Policy  the updated Privacy Policy will be posted on the Services in a timely manner and  if we make material changes  we will provide a prominent notice. If you object to any of the changes to this Privacy Policy  you should stop using the Services and delete your account inside our mobile applications.    ©2020 Jaedye Labs Pte. Ltd.  ​  ​  ​ Make your busy days better by being mindful anytime.  Terms of use Privacy Policy 2018 © Jaedye Labs Pte Ltd     