   PANAGOLA Privacy Policy  Last Updated: June 2019  PANAGOLA knows that you care how information about you is used and shared  and we appreciate your trust that we will do so carefully and sensibly.  This notice describes our privacy policy. By using the panagola.com website and by downloading PANAGOLA applications  you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Notice.  PANAGOLA reserves the right to modify this Privacy Policy. Your continued use of Services will signify your acceptance of the changes to this Privacy Policy.  What data do we collect?  We do not collect or transmit your personal info. We might store data such as the game/app settings and information you provide in the game/app locally in your device. PANAGOLA treats information collected by preferences  cookies and similar technologies as non-personal data. Apps and games that use Analytics tools will not transmit any personally identifiable information.  Ad Serving Technology  PANAGOLA may serve ads in your application. These ads may use your devices Location services to serve more relevant ads. We shall use only Google approved Ad Networks and SDKs in our apps. We will make our best efforts to configure our ads to exclude mature or sensitive content from apps meant for children or family audiences.  Analytics  PANAGOLA may collect and use anonymous analytics data provided by approved Analytics services such as Google Analytics or Firebase Analytics to understand geographical usage patterns  application crash reports etc.  This data will be used purely to improve the application. No personally identifiable information shall be transmitted using these tools.  Permissions  PANAGOLA may request for various application permissions for achieving Game/App functionality such as storage to SD card or access to Camera hardware.  Additionally applications with Ads or In-app purchase capability may require connectivity to the Internet. These permissions shall not be used to collect or transmit any data that is not relevant to the functionality of the game/app or for improving the app.  Google Sign In and API Usage  PANAGOLA shall use only Google Approved SDKs and APIs to provide features such as Google Sign-in or Game Services.  Share  PANAGOLA applications may provide facilities for you to share information about the game and/or your achievements with your friends.  In such cases  the request would need to be manually triggered by you and you will be able to edit the message before sharing  Safeguards  PANAGOLA follows generally accepted industry standards and maintains reasonable safeguards to attempt to ensure the security  integrity and privacy of the information in PANAGOLA's possession.  