     Data protection information PUMATRAC App  I. Scope  The following information relates to the Processing your Personal Data from users of the PUMATRAC App  (hereinafter referred to as “App”) (=“Data Subject” in terms of the GDPR; hereinafter referred to as  “ you ” / “ your ”).  II. Definitions  For the purpose of this data protection information  the terms listed in this section II.  when used  in their capitalized form  shall have the meaning as set forth below:  “GDPR” means General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679).  “Personal Data” means any information relating to an identified or identifiable  natural person (hereinafter referred to as “Data Subject” ); an identifiable natural  person is one who can be identified  directly or indirectly  in particular by reference to an  identifier such as a name  an identification number  location data  an online identifier or to one  or more factors specific to the physical  physiological  genetic  mental  economic  cultural or  social identity of that natural person (article 4 no. 1 GDPR).  “Processing” means any operation or set of operations which is performed on personal  data or on sets of personal data  whether or not by automated means  such as collection  recording   organization  structuring  storage  adaptation or alteration  retrieval  consultation  use   disclosure by transmission  dissemination or otherwise making available  alignment or combination   restriction  erasure or destruction (article 4 no. 7 GDPR).  “Data Controller” means the natural or legal person  public authority  agency or  other body which  alone or jointly with others  determines the purposes and means of the processing  of personal data; where the purposes and means of such processing are determined by Union or Member  State law  the controller or the specific criteria for its nomination may be provided for by Union  or Member State law (article 4 no. 7 GDPR).  ‘Data Recipient’ means a natural or legal person  public authority  agency or  another body  to which the personal data are disclosed  whether a third party or not. However   public authorities which may receive personal data in the framework of a particular inquiry in  accordance with Union or Member State law shall not be regarded as recipients; the processing of  those data by those public authorities shall be in compliance with the applicable data protection  rules according to the purposes of the processing (article 4 no. 9 GDPR).  III. Data Controller and its data protection officer  PUMA SE (PUMA Way 1  91074 Herzogenaurach  Germany; privacy@puma.com ) acts as Data Controller (hereinafter  referred to as “ PUMA ”  “ we ” or “ our ”).  PUMA has appointed a data protection officer which can be contacted via email ( privacy@puma.com ).  IV. Situations  purposes and legal bases of the Processing of your Personal Data  1. Login  To use the App  you have to log in to the App with either the credentials of your PUMATRAC account  you registered for (email and password)  or with your Facebook or Twitter account credentials.  Once your register for a PUAMTRAC account  we process your PUMATRAC credentials (email address and  password) when you log in or authentication.  For a login via Facebook or Twitter you will be forwarded to Facebook or Twitter  where you can log  in with your Facebook or Twitter credentials and grant the App access to your Personal Data from  your public profile (e.g. name  picture etc.) and – if you granted consent in your Facebook/Twitter  platform settings – your email address  date of birth  and/or friends list.  These processing activities are necessary for the provision of our service  namely to provide you  with dedicated access to your PUMATRAC profile (see sec. 2 of this data protection information)  (legal base: article 6 para. 1 lit. b) GDPR).  2. PUMATRAC profile  When you log in to the App for the first time  we collect Personal Data from you in order to create  and/or to complete your user profile.  This includes mandatory Personal Data like your (nick-) name  your email address (if you registered  via email/password)  gender  as well as information on your fitness goals  preferred activities  and  training habits. This processing activity is necessary to provide you with the core functionalities  of the App  namely customized workout recommendations and training motivation based on your fitness  and training interest  habits  and goals (legal base: article 6 para. 1 lit. b) GDPR).  In addition  we also process Personal Data  which you voluntarily provide us with  in order to  provide you with additional functionalities and/or an even more customized user experience  such as   date of birth   information on weight and height  which is necessary to provide you with a customized   calculation of calories you burned during your workouts and/or  information on your location  which is necessary to provide you with information on trainers and   workout courses close to your location   (legal base: article 6 para. 1 lit. b) GDPR). These optional data can be deleted from your profile at  any time (see section VI. 2. of this data protection information). This may  however  have the  consequence that the described functions are no longer available.  3. Tracking  recording  and sharing of workouts  If you want to track and record your workouts we are Processing your workout data (e.g. date   duration  distance  or repetitions  speed  calories etc.). This data may be collected directly via  the App or indirectly through access to relevant data (e.g. heart rate) from third party  applications (e.g. health app on your device) and/or (fitness) sensors and devices (e.g. GPS and/or  gyroscope sensor integrated in your device  external heart rate monitors etc.)  provided you granted  prior consent that the App can access data from the relevant apps  sensors  and/or devices. This  consent can be at any time amended or withdrawn in the account settings.  Once you finished a workout  this workout  including the recorded workout data  is stored in your  PUMATRAC profile.  If you have set your profile visibility to “Public – Everyone” in the privacy settings of the App   your completed and saved workouts will appear in the PUMATRAC feed and are  thus  visible to other  PUMATRAC users.  These processing activities are necessary to provide you with the opportunity to track  record  and  share your workouts to the extent you wish (legal base: article 6 para. 1 lit. b) GDPR).  4. Location-related design of the app  If you granted consent that the app may access the location data of your end device  we will also use  this data to adapt the contents of the app or to send out push notifications (see section 5 of this  data protection information) in a site-specific manner. This way  we can for example automatically  inform you about training opportunities and activities in your current environment and  thus  make  your app experience even better (legal basis: article 6 para. 1 lit. a) GDPR).  You can prevent the location-based design of the app at any time by withdrawing your consent for  location access through the app in your device settings. The withdrawal of your consent does not  affect the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal.  5. Push Notifications  If you have granted consent to receive push notifications  we process your device token ID to send  you push notifications to your App including information on about for example a new version of the  App or on current campaigns (legal base: article 6 para. 1 lit a) GDPR).  You have the right to withdraw your consent at any time by disabling the push notifications for the  App in your device settings. The withdrawal of consent does not affect the lawfulness of processing  based on consent before its withdrawal.  6. Analytics  We process personal data about your last accesses to the App (e.g. IP address  access time  and – if  consent is granted to access location data – location of access).  In addition  we use analytic services from Adobe Systems Software Ireland (Adobe Analytics)  Google  Ireland Limited (Google Analytics for Firebase)  and Facebook Ireland Ltd. (Facebook Analytics) to  evaluate and improve the App and its functionalities. These services use cookies and similar  tracking technology to collect pseudonymized data on the usage of the App  so called screen visits  and events (e.g. like logins  content viewed  started and/or finished workouts etc.). At collection  of this data  your IP address is either not collected or anonymized. Data we collect with the help  of these services are merged to aggregated reports on the usage of our app (e.g. numbers of users  per day  visits/downloads of specific workouts etc.) and cannot be attributed to you. For more  information on the data processing of these services please refer to the following links:  Adobe   Analytics  Google Analytics for Firebase  Facebook   Analytics .  This Processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by us  namely  analyses and statistics in order to improve our products (legal base: article 6 para. 1 lit. f)  GDPR; sec. 15 para. 3 German Telemedia Act (“Telemediengesetz”; TMG)).  Right to object analytics:  You can object to this Processing at any time in the privacy settings of the App on your device by  deactivating “Analytics”.  7. E-mail-marketing  We use the email-address  which you provided for your PUMATRAC profile  to occasionally send you  e-mails with information on news and campaigns in connection with the App as well as PUMA products.  This Processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interest advertising our products and  services towards our app user (legal base: article 7 para. 3 Unfair Competition Act (“Gesetz gegen  den unlauteren Wettbewerb”; UWG)  article 6 para. 1 lit. f) GDPR).  Right to object e-mail-marketing:  You can object to this Processing and unsubscribe from our marketing-e-mails at any time by sending  an e-mail to our customer service ( pumatrachelp@puma.com )  stating your wish to unsubscribe or by just clicking on the link “Unsubscribe”  which is included in  every of our marketing e-mails.  V. Categories of Data Recipients of your Personal Data  Your Personal Data may be disclosed to or accessed by the following categories of Data Recipients:   Our service providers who are involved in the development and provision of the App and its   functionalities as well as our service analytics providers and linked social media platforms for   third party log in purposes; we ensure that suitable safeguards for adequate data protection    such as an EU-US Privacy Shield    Certification and/or the conclusion of EU    Model Clauses are in place  if Personal Data are disclosed to service provides   established outside the EU/EEA   Selected employees within PUMA SE  insofar as this is absolutely necessary (on a need-to-know   base) for the performance of their obligations (e.g. support staff)  and  Other PUMATRAC users as follows:  If “Private – Only me” is set in the privacy settings of the PUMATRAC App (default     setting)  other PUMATRAC users can only see basic information from your profile     ((nick)name (your surname will be abbreviated to the first letter of your name)      country/town  TRAC score and number of your followers  and number of PUMATRAC users you     are following)   If you have set “Public – Everyone” in the privacy settings of the PUMATRAC App  other     PUMATRAC users also have access to your workouts and related training information. VI. Storage and deletion of your Personal Data  All Personal Data that you share with us or that are generated when using the App are securely stored  in your App (Frontend) as well as in our cloud database (Backend). Upon request  your Personal Data  will be deleted from both the App and the cloud database (see hereafter).  1. Workout history  Your stored workouts and related Personal Data can be deleted at any time.  2. PUMATRAC profile and account  In the user settings (“About you”) you can also at any time delete non-mandatory Personal Data from  your PUMATRAC profile.  You can also delete your entire PUMATRAC profile and account by contacting our support via pumatrachelp@puma.com .  3. Analytic Data  Personal Data about your latest App access are stored for a maximum of 30 days  unless they are  overwritten by data from a “new” last app access.  Pseudonymous data collected using the analytics services described under section 6 of this data  protection information will be stored for a maximum of 9 months.  VII. Your data protection rights  In accordance with applicable data protection laws  you have following rights concerning your  Personal Data processed by us:   Right of access (Art. 15 GDPR)   Right to rectification (Art. 16 GDPR)   Right to erasure (“Right to be forgotten”) (Art. 17 GDPR)   Right to restriction of Processing (Art. 18 GDPR)   Right to data portability (Art. 20 GDPR)   Right to object against processing activities carried out on the legal base of article 6 para. 1   lit. f GDPR (Art. 21 GDPR)    Most of these rights can be exercised directly in the account settings of the App itself or in the  relevant settings of the end device used. In other cases  please direct your requests to exercise  the respective right by email to pumatrachelp@puma.com .  To process your request and for authentication purposes  we process in turn certain Personal Data  from you (legal base: article 6 para. 1 lit. c) GDPR).  Besides  you have the right to lodge a complaint with our supervisory authority (article 77 GDPR).   