Search this site Yoga for Weightloss Privacy Policy This privacy policy designates how any information you give us while using our app is used and protected. our app is strongly committed to protecting the privacy of its user. Our app and this website will never collect or share your personal information for any reason. COLLECTION AND USE OF INFORMATION •  Personal information •  We do not collect personal information and therefore we do not disclose your personal information. •  Non-personal information •  We collect non-personal information  such as data that does not allow direct association with any specific individual. Non-personal data is collected  used  transferred  and disclosed for a number of purposes. These purposes include the use of cookies and other technologies that give us a better understanding of our users’ needs. A “cookie” is a small data file that is stored on your device. Most Internet browsers automatically accept cookies. We use information collected from cookies to improve users’ experience and the overall quality of our services. •  Information you provide •  If you contact us for customer support  we may obtain and maintain any information you choose to provide  including your name  contact info such as your email address  as well as information about your mobile device or personal computer such as its device type  OS type  and logs. We will use this information to address and investigate the issues you have raised  to provide you support  and to improve our customer support service. CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY we may  in its sole discretion  modify or update this Privacy Policy from time to time  and so you should review this page periodically. If we change our policy for any reason  we will update the ‘Last updated’ date at the bottom of this page If you require any more information or have any questions about our privacy policy  please feel free to contact us by email at fitnessappspro@gmail.com Report abuse Page details Page updated  Google Sites Report abuse