     Dailyburst - Privacy Policy  PLEASE READ OUR PRIVACY BEFORE ACCESSING OUR APPS OR SERVICES.  We take your privacy very seriously. We only ask you to provide information that we need in order to deliver the service or information you have requested and we never share your information with anyone without your consent. By using Apps (collectively  the Apps)  or visiting the Dailyburst website at www.Dailyburst.co (collectively  the Services)  you accept the practices outlined in this Privacy Policy.  What Does This Privacy Policy Cover?  This Privacy Policy covers the Company’s treatment of information that the Company gathers when you access or use the Services. This Privacy Policy does not cover (i) use of information by third parties we do not control  or (ii) information collected via third party mobile or software applications which utilize the Company’s development platform. If you’re accessing the Services via a third party application or service that is integrated with Talkchain  then such third party's privacy policy will govern the use  storage and disclosure of your data in connection with such application or service.  What Information Does Dailyburst Collect?  When using the Services or registering to use the Services  the Company collects certain contact information from you including a unique username  email address  and password collectively  User Information). Additional optional information such as first name  last name  short bio  avatar and background image may be collected.  In connection with your use of the Services  the Company may collect information that is created or provided by you for such purposes (collectively  Service Information). This may include but is not limited to: (a) commonly-used information-gathering tools  such as cookies  sessions  device id  advertiser id and Web beacons  (b) personal data  such as information you provide about other people such as contact information  phone number  email address  first and last names  and (c) usage data  such as messaging history  transaction dates  and read receipts.  In addition  like most sites  we maintain logs of site usage for purposes such as to evaluate our users' interest level in areas of the App  which and how many pages they look at  how long they stay on the App  and what Web browsers are used. This data is tracked in aggregate form  not at an individual user level  and is not uniquely identifying. The aggregate level data may be shared with third parties and the public.  How Does Dailyburst Secure Your Information?  Your account is protected by a password for your privacy and security. Your password is encrypted in our databases. If you access your account via a third party site or service  you may have additional or different sign-on protections via that third party site or service. You must prevent unauthorized access to your account and Personal Information by selecting and protecting your password and/or other sign-on mechanism appropriately and limiting access to your computer or device and browser by signing off after you have finished accessing your account.  We endeavor to protect the privacy of your account and other Personal Information we hold in our records  but unfortunately  we cannot guarantee complete security. Unauthorized entry or use  hardware or software failure  and other factors  may compromise the security of user information at any time.  How Does Dailyburst Use Information?  the Company only uses Service Information internally to monitor  further develop  and improve the Services.  We may share Service Information with third parties only when needed to deliver to you products or services that you request or third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Services. These companies may use information about you and your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements on this App and other sites about goods and services of interest to you. When you click on links and/or ad banners that take you to third-party Apps  the third party may collect information about you at their Web site. The third party may have its own privacy policies that differ from ours. We encourage you to read the posted privacy statement whenever interacting with any App you visit.  Childen  The Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“COPPA”) requires that online service providers obtain parental consent before they knowingly collect personally identifiable information online from children who are under 13. We do not knowingly collect or solicit personally identifiable information from children under 13; if you are a child under 13  please do not attempt to register on the Services or send any personal information about yourself to us. If we learn we have collected personal information from a child under 13  we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that a child under 13 may have provided us personal information  please contact us at support@Dailyburst.com.  Your Posted Material  If applicable  the materials you post on the App  such as text  video  photos  comments and other information  are made available to be seen and read by other users of the App. No such materials are treated confidentially. We will remove your materials from the App at your request  but we cannot give any assurances that such materials are not still available from servers maintained by others (such as search engines or proxy servers) or that others have not already downloaded and stored such materials  Limitations  Though we make every effort to preserve your privacy  we cannot guarantee your privacy. Further  we may disclose personal information when required by law or where we have a good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with a judicial proceeding  a court order or legal process served on us. We may also disclose personal information in cooperation with a law enforcement request.  Amendment  We reserve the right to change this policy in accordance with the amendment policy in the App's Terms of Use.    Read our Terms of Use  Questions regarding our policies and service should be sent to support@audojoy.com .    