This app works best with JavaScript enabled. Home Updates Challenge Feature Request FAQ / Support Join Now Privacy Policy This privacy policy is for the Shreddy which is a product of Shreddy Ltd – any reference to “Shreddy” in the following articles is in reference to Shreddy Ltd. We do not share your private information with other parties. Your confidentiality is key to us and is according to YOUR DATA PROTECTION RIGHTS UNDER THE GENERAL DATA PROTECTION REGULATION (GDPR) 1. INFORMATION WE COLLECT We collect the following types of information. Information you provide us directly: When you register for an account: Via Email: Your Full Name  password  and email address. Profile information that you provide for your user profile: Age  Gender  Height  Weight  Activity Level  Goal  Diet Type and progress pictures. Private Information: All content shared on Shreddy is private to the public. We do not make content public in any way. Communications between you and Shreddy. For example  we may send you Service-related emails (e.g.  account verification  changes/updates to features of the Service  technical and security notices). Note that you may not opt out of Service-related e-mails. Your email and password are private and not available to the public. Technical information we collect: Additionally  any use of Shreddy’s website and/or software may result in the collection of technical information such as your computer’s IP address  mobile device identifier  meta data  operating system  browser name/version  the referring web page  requested page; such information is used to help us understand the overall usage pattern of our website and software. We also use third-party analytics tools to help us measure how you use Shreddy. These tools collect information sent by your device or our Service  including how you like to use our software and website which can help us in improving our Service. Shreddy may invite you to provide information through feedback on features on our website or software; we may send out e-mail inviting feedback or offering products and services  or we may ask you for information concerning support of our products or services. Your response to these communications may require you to submit personal information and opinions. 2. HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION We may use the information that we receive to: Help you efficiently access your information after you sign in Remember information so you will not have to re-enter it during your visit or the next time you visit the Service; Provide personalized content and information to you and others  which could include online ads or other forms of marketing Provide  improve  test  and monitor the effectiveness of our Service Develop and test new products and features Monitor metrics such as total number of visitors  traffic  and demographic patterns Diagnose or fix technology problems Automatically update the Shreddy application on your device 3. SHARING OF YOUR INFORMATION We will not rent or sell your information to third parties outside Shreddy without your consent  except as noted in this Policy. Parties with whom we may share your information: We may remove parts of data that can identify you and share anonymized data with other parties. We may also combine your information with other information in a way that it is no longer associated with you and share that aggregated information. We may be required to disclose your information without your prior consent by law for the following reasons: Comply with the law or legal process Protect and defend our rights and property  or the rights and property of a third party Protect us against misuse or unauthorized use of any of Shreddy’s products  software  services  or other proprietary materials Prevent death or imminent bodily harm. prevent and address fraud and other illegal activity 4. HOW WE STORE YOUR INFORMATION Storage and Processing: We use commercially reasonable precautions to help keep your personal information safe and stored securely. However  Shreddy cannot ensure the security of any information you transmit to Shreddy or guarantee that information on the Service may not be accessed  disclosed  altered  or destroyed. Please do your part to help us. You are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your unique password and account information  and for controlling access to emails between you and Shreddy  at all times. Your privacy settings may also be affected by changes the social media services you connect to Shreddy make to their services. We are not responsible for the functionality  privacy  or security measures of any other organization. Following termination or deactivation of your account  Shreddy  its Affiliates  or its Service Providers may retain information (including your profile information) and User Content for a commercially reasonable time for backup  archival  and/or audit purposes. Email our support to know about deleting your account hello@b-ndstore.com 5. CHILDREN’S PRIVACY Shreddy does not knowingly collect or solicit any information from anyone under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to register for the Service. The Service and its content are not directed at children under the age of 13. In the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 13 without parental consent  we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 13  please contact us. 6. OTHER WEBSITES AND SERVICES We are not responsible for the practices employed by any websites or services linked to or from our Service  including the information or content contained within them. Please remember that when you use a link to go from our Service to another website or service  our Privacy Policy does not apply to those third-party websites or services. Your browsing and interaction on any third-party website or service  including those that have a link on our website/software  or are accessed through our web/in-app browser are subject to that third party’s own rules and policies. In addition  you agree that we are not responsible and do not have control over any third-parties that you authorize to access your User Content. If you are using a third-party website or service and you allow them to access your User Content you do so at your own risk. 7. YOUR DATA PROTECTION RIGHTS UNDER THE GENERAL DATA PROTECTION REGULATION (GDPR) If you are a resident of the EEA  you have the following data protection rights: If you wish to access  correct  update  or request deletion of your personal information  you can do so at any time by hello@b-ndstore.com . In addition  you can object to the processing of your personal information  ask us to restrict the processing of your personal information or request portability of your personal information. Again  you can exercise these rights by emailing hello@b-ndstore.com . You have the right to opt-out of marketing communications we send you at any time. You can exercise this right by clicking on the “unsubscribe” or “opt-out” link in the marketing emails we send you. To opt-out of other forms of marketing  please contact us by emailing hello@b-ndstore.com . Similarly  if we have collected and process your personal information with your consent  then you can withdraw your consent at any time. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal  nor will it affect the processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent. You have the right to complain to a data protection authority about our collection and use of your personal information. For more information  please contact your local data protection authority. We respond to all requests we receive from individuals wishing to exercise their data protection rights in accordance with applicable data protection laws. 8. OTHER WEBSITES AND SERVICES If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or the Service  please find the appropriate support channel in the Shreddy settings or contact us at  hello@b-ndstore.com 9. CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY Shreddy may modify or update this Privacy Policy from time to time  so please review it periodically. We may provide you additional forms of notice of modifications or updates as appropriate under the circumstances. Your continued use of Shreddy or the Service after any modification to this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such modification. About Workout Programs Weight Tracking Real Time Meal Plans Feature Request App Updates My Account Manage Subscription Forgot Password Join Now Support Support Center Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Social © 2020 Shreddy App by B_ND