                         OCTOBER 12TH THROUGH THE 14TH ONLY: Buy any nonscreen product and get a IPAD AIR FOR FREE! Use code ECHTAB2020 at checkout!    Menu 0  Connect Bikes   Reflects   Rowers   Echelon Stride   FitPass   Gear   Apparel  Tablets  Accessories  Warranties   App Experience   Bike App Experience  Reflect App Experience  Rower App Experience  App Subscriptions  Instructors   Login   OCTOBER 12TH THROUGH THE 14TH ONLY: Buy any nonscreen product and get a IPAD AIR FOR FREE! Use code ECHTAB2020 at checkout!  Connect Bikes  Reflects  Rowers  Echelon Stride  FitPass  Gear  App Experience    ▼    Member Login  Store Login    0    Your Cart is Empty   Continue Shopping   $0.00  Subtotal   Go to cart    Canada    UNITED KINGDOM    MEXICO    Apparel Tablets Accessories Warranties    Bike App Experience Reflect App Experience Rower App Experience App Subscriptions Instructors    Connect EX1     Connect EX3     Connect EX5     Connect EX5S    See Bike Features     Connect EX1     Connect EX3     Connect EX5     Connect EX5S    See Bike Features     Reflect 40     Reflect 50 Touch    See Reflect Features     Reflect 40     Reflect 50 Touch    Apparel    Women's   Men's   Kilogear   View All    Accessories    Tablets   Warranties   View All Echelon Water Bottle Pack      Apparel    Women's   Men's   Kilogear   View All  Accessories    Tablets   Warranties   View All Echelon Water Bottle Pack      Row     Row-S    See Rower Features     Row     Row-S   Privacy Policy    Privacy Policy  Echelon aims to provide our customers with a positive experience  and we want you to know that your protection is important to us. We have taken all necessary steps in accordance with accepted industry practice to protect the security and privacy of our customers' personal information.  This Privacy Policy applies to our websites and mobile applications and other Echelon online services or applications on which this Privacy Policy is posted  and our collection of information from our corresponding social media features and pages (each a “Service” and collectively  the “Services”). In addition to describing how we collect  use  disclose and otherwise process personal information  this Privacy Policy explains the rights and choices available to individuals with respect to their personal information.  This policy also describes the choices available to you regarding our use of your personal information and how you can access and update this information. This policy applies where we are acting as a data controller with respect to the personal data of users of the Services; in other words  where we determine the purposes and means of the processing of that personal data.  Our Services are intended for general audiences over the age of 18 years old. We do not knowingly collect information from children under the age of 18 years old. If you are not over 18 years old  then DO NOT DOWNLOAD OR USE THE SERVICES. If you believe that we may have personal information from or about a child under the age of 18 years old  please contact us (please include your name  mailing address  and email address). Note that we'll attempt to delete the account of any child under the age of 18 that's reported to us as soon as possible. You are responsible for any and all account activity conducted by a minor on your account.  We use cookies on the Services. Insofar as those cookies are not strictly necessary for the provision of our Services  we will ask you to consent to our use of cookies when you first visit our Services.  In this policy  we  us  our  and “Echelon” refer to Echelon Fitness Multimedia  LLC its affiliates  subsidiaries  successors  and assigns. For more information about us  see the last paragraph.  For your convenience and information  we may provide links to websites and other third-party content that is not owned or operated by us. The websites and third-party content to which we link may have separate privacy notices or policies. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of any entity that it does not own or control. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of such third parties before providing them with any personal information.  Information we collect  Some of the personal information you provide to us and some we collect when you use our Services. We also may obtain information about you (including personal information) from our business partners  such as vendors  and others. We may obtain information  including personal information from third parties and sources that we integrate into our Services either for the provision of our Services or to facilitate your access to our Services as described herein. You may be given the option to access or register for our services through the use of your third-party social media account  such as Facebook  Instagram  or Google. If you select this option  your social media provider may make certain of your personal information available to us  such as your email address or other unique identifier or we may be asked to share certain information with such social media provider. If you choose to sign on through your third party social media provider  you authorize us to collect your information from such provider and process it in accordance with this Privacy Policy and you also authorize us to share your information with your social media provider as necessary to permit you to access our Services using your social media account. We recommend that you review your social media provider’s privacy policies carefully before using their service to connect to our Services. We also collect automated information through the use of cookies  and other technologies. Please see our Cookie Policy below for more information on cookies.  We may process data about your use of our Services ( Usage Data ). The Usage Data may include your IP address  geographical location  browser type and version  operating system  referral source  length of visit  page views and website navigation paths  as well as information about the timing  frequency and pattern of your service use. The source of the Usage Data is our analytics tracking system. This Usage Data may be processed for the purposes of analyzing the use of the Services. The legal basis for this processing is your consent in exchange for access to the Services OR our legitimate interests  namely monitoring and improving our Services.  We may process your account data (A ccount Data ). The Account Data may include your name and email address. The Account Data may be processed for the purposes of operating our website  providing our services  ensuring the security of our website and services  maintaining back-ups of our databases and communicating with you.  We may process your information included in your personal profile on the Services (P rofile Data ). The Profile Data may include your name  address  telephone number  email address  profile pictures  gender  date of birth  relationship status  interests and hobbies  educational details and employment details. We may capture your visual image  likeness and voice recording (e.g.  via photographs and/or video) if you visit our studios and/or showrooms  participate in live or web-based studio classes and/or call our member support or inside sales teams. We record and store member support and sales calls to train support and sales agents to help resolve member questions  for quality purposes and as required by law. Additionally  Echelon fitness equipment and Echelon applications may contain a camera  microphone and voice control features. These features are in use only when activated by you  for example  to take a user profile photo or to initiate or accept a video chat from another user. The profile data may be processed for the purposes of enabling and monitoring your use of our website and services.  We may process your personal data that is provided during the use of our Services ( Service Data ). The Service Data may be processed for the purposes of operating our website  providing our services  ensuring the security of our website and services  maintaining back-ups of our databases and communicating with you.  We may process information that you post for publication on or through our Services (P ublication Data ). The Publication Data may be processed for the purposes of enabling such publication and administering our Services.  We may process information contained in any enquiry you submit to us regarding goods and/or Services ( Enquiry Data ). The Enquiry Data may be processed [for the purposes of offering  marketing and selling relevant goods and/or services to you.  We may process information relating to our customer relationships  including customer contact information ( Customer Relationship Data ). The Customer Relationship Data may include your name  your employer  your job title or role  your contact details  and information contained in communications between us and you or your employer.  The Customer Relationship Data may be processed for the purposes of managing our relationships with customers  communicating with customers  keeping records of those communications and promoting our Products and Services to customers.  We may process information relating to transactions  including purchases of goods and services  that you enter into with us and/or through our Services ( Transaction Data ). The Transaction Data may include your contact details  your card details and the transaction details. The Transaction Data may be processed for the purpose of supplying the purchased goods and services and keeping proper records of those transactions.  We may process information that you provide to us for the purpose of subscribing to our email notifications and/or newsletters ( Notification Data ). The Notification Data may be processed for the purposes of sending you the relevant notifications and/or newsletters.  We may process information contained in or relating to any communication that you send to us ( Correspondence Data ). The Correspondence Data may include the communication content and metadata associated with the communication. Our Services will generate the metadata associated with communications made using the Services’ contact forms. The Correspondence Data may be processed for the purposes of communicating with you and record-keeping.  Notwithstanding any of the foregoing  we may only collect some of the information above for certain Services.  How we use your personal data  Fulfill  confirm and track your order   Identify your product and service preferences   Send product updates or warranty information   Respond to inquiries and customer service requests   Administer your account   Improve our Services  product offerings  marketing and promotional efforts  and overall customer experience   Prevent and detect fraud or abuse   Debugging and repair Services and associated applications   Conduct research and analysis to better understand our customer   Display content based upon your interests   Comply with legal or regulatory requirements   We may process any of your personal data identified in this policy where necessary for the establishment  exercise or defense of legal claims  whether in court proceedings or in an administrative or out-of-court procedure.  We may process any of your personal data identified in this policy where necessary for the purposes of obtaining or maintaining insurance coverage  managing risks  or obtaining professional advice.  In addition to the specific purposes for which we may process your personal data set out in this Section  we may also process any of your personal data where such processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject  or in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person.  Please do not supply any other person's personal data to us unless we prompt you to do so.  Providing your personal data to others  We may share information about you for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy or pursuant to a specific “real-time” privacy notice we may provide at the time we collect the information.  We may disclose your personal data to any member of our group of companies (this means our subsidiaries  our ultimate holding company and all its subsidiaries) insofar as reasonably necessary for the purposes  and on the legal bases  set out in this policy. Information about our group of companies can be found at www.echelonfit.com.  We may disclose your personal data to our insurers and/or professional advisers insofar as reasonably necessary for the purposes of obtaining or maintaining insurance coverage  managing risks  obtaining professional advice  or the establishment  exercise or defense of legal claims  whether in court proceedings or in an administrative or out-of-court procedure.  We may disclose personal information to our suppliers  vendors  or subcontractors insofar as reasonably necessary to process your business with us.  Financial transactions relating to our Services are or may be handled by our payment services providers. We will share transaction data with our payment services providers only to the extent necessary for the purposes of processing your payments  refunding such payments and dealing with complaints and queries relating to such payments and refunds. You can find information about the payment services providers' privacy policies and practices at www.echelonfit.com and/or on the payment service providers’ respective websites.  We may disclose your enquiry data to one or more third party suppliers of goods and services for the purpose of enabling them to contact you so that they can offer  market and sell to you relevant goods and/or services. Each such third party will act as a data controller in relation to the enquiry data that we supply to it; and upon contacting you  each such third party will supply to you a copy of its own privacy policy  which will govern that third party's use of your personal data.  We  or the third-party service providers we use to assist us with marketing our own products and Services to you  may use the information we collect from you to provide advertisements and offers for our other products. We may share information with Facebook or SnapChat in a manner that allows us to create Custom or Lookalike Audiences. You may learn more about Facebook Lookalike Audiences at https://www.facebook.com/business/help/164749007013531 and Snapchat Audiences at https://support.snapchat.com/en-US/a/advertising-preferences. Additionally  we may share certain information  including app events  with Facebook or other advertising partners that provide us with optimization services for our advertising. You can learn more about how to opt out of having such activity sent to Facebook at https://www.facebook.com/help/2207256696182627 and https://www.facebook.com/off_facebook_activity/. We may also use Google Ads to advertise our products. When you view or click on an ad on a website or app  tracking technology may be set by Google to help better provide advertisements that may be of interest to you. You may opt-out of the use of this tracking technology by visiting Google’s Advertising and Privacy page: www.google.com/privacy_ads.html. Additionally  we may obtain your information in connection with a contest  sweepstakes  event  offering or other promotional activity that is jointly offered by us and any third parties. By entering such contest or sweepstakes  you authorize and direct us to share your information with our co-sponsor. We may also share your information with a third-party service provider who administers the promotion  contest and/or sweepstakes. We may also share aggregate information to third party providers and platforms that help us understand our user demographic  including user demographic interests  habits and usage patterns for certain of our Services so that we may market our products more effectively.  If we are involved in a merger  acquisition  financing  reorganization  bankruptcy  receivership  sale of company assets or transition of service to another provider  then your information may be sold or transferred as part of such a transaction as permitted by law and/or contract. In such event  Echelon will endeavor to direct the transferee to use personal information in a manner that is consistent with the Privacy Policy in effect at the time such personal information was collected.  In addition to the specific disclosures of personal data set out in this Section  we may disclose your personal data where such disclosure is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject  or in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person. We may also disclose your personal data where such disclosure is necessary for the establishment  exercise or defense of legal claims  whether in court proceedings or in an administrative or out-of-court procedure.  Data retention  Except as provided herein  we may retain your personal information for the longer of (a) the maximum extent allowable by law after we become aware that you have ceased using our Services or (b) for so long as we have a legitimate business need for the information or to fulfill any legal and regulatory obligations. We may retain other information that is not personally identifiable for backups  archiving  prevention of fraud and abuse  analytics  or where we otherwise reasonably believe that we have a legitimate reason to do so.  Your rights  In this Section  we have summarized the rights that you have under data protection law. Some of the rights are complex  and not all the details have been included in our summaries. Accordingly  you should read the relevant laws and guidance from the regulatory authorities for a full explanation of these rights.  Your principal rights under data protection law are:  the right to access;  the right to rectification;  the right to erasure;  the right to restrict processing;  the right to object to processing;  the right to data portability;  the right to complain to a supervisory authority; and  the right to withdraw consent.  You have the right to confirmation as to if we process your personal data and  where and how we access your personal data  together with certain additional information. That additional information includes details of the purposes of the processing  the categories of personal data concerned and the recipients of the personal data. Providing the rights and freedoms of others are not affected  we will supply to you a copy of your personal data upon request. The first copy will be provided free of charge  but additional copies may be subject to a reasonable fee. You can access your personal data by using the Services when logged in.  You have the right to have any inaccurate personal data about you rectified and  taking into account the purposes of the processing  to have any incomplete personal data about you completed.  In some circumstances you have the right to the erasure of your personal data without undue delay. Those circumstances include: the personal data are no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which they were collected or otherwise processed; you withdraw consent to consent-based processing; you object to the processing under certain rules of applicable data protection law; the processing is for direct marketing purposes; and the personal data have been unlawfully processed. However  there are exclusions of the right to erasure. The general exclusions include where processing is necessary: for exercising the right of freedom of expression and information; for compliance with a legal obligation; or for the establishment  exercise or defense of legal claims.  In some circumstances you have the right to restrict the processing of your personal data. Those circumstances are: you contest the accuracy of the personal data; processing is unlawful but you oppose erasure; we no longer need the personal data for the purposes of our processing  but you require personal data for the establishment  exercise or defense of legal claims; and if you have objected to processing  pending the verification of that objection. Where processing has been restricted on this basis  we may continue to store your personal data. However  we will only otherwise process it: with your consent; for the establishment  exercise or defense of legal claims; for the protection of the rights of another natural or legal person; or for reasons of important public interest.  You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data on grounds relating to your particular situation  but only to the extent that the legal basis for the processing is that the processing is necessary for: the performance of a task carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of any official authority vested in us; or the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by us or by a third party. If you make such an objection  we will cease to process the personal information unless we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which override your interests  rights and freedoms  or the processing is for the establishment  exercise or defense of legal claims.  You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data for direct marketing purposes (including profiling for direct marketing purposes). If you make such an objection  we will cease to process your personal data for this purpose.  You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data for scientific or historical research purposes or statistical purposes on grounds relating to your particular situation  unless the processing is necessary for the performance of a task carried out for reasons of public interest.  To the extent that the legal basis for our processing of your personal data is:  your consent; or  that the processing is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are party or in order to take steps at your request prior to entering into a contract   and such processing is carried out by automated means  you have the right to receive your personal data from us in a structured  commonly used and machine-readable format. However  this right does not apply where it would adversely affect the rights and freedoms of others.  If you believe that our processing of your personal information infringes data protection laws  you have a legal right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority responsible for data protection. You may do so in the EU member state of your habitual residence  your place of work or the place of the alleged infringement.  To the extent that the legal basis for our processing of your personal information is your consent  you have the right to withdraw that consent at any time. Withdrawal will not affect the lawfulness of processing before the withdrawal.  For your protection  we may require proof and verification of identity and jurisdiction of residency before we can answer the above requests. If you wish to make such a request  you may contact us at the applicable mobile application support email indicated in the Services. If we change or delete your personal information or if you decline to actively share certain personal information with us  we may not be able to provide you with our Services or some of the features and functionality of our Services. Once we have verified that you own the account  we will honor such requests at our discretion and in accordance with applicable law.  Device permissions:  Mobile platforms have permission systems for specific types of device data and notifications  such as camera and microphone as well as push notifications. Where applicable  you can change your settings on your device to either consent or oppose the collection of the corresponding information or the display of the corresponding notifications. Depending on the manner in which you make changes to your settings  certain services may lose partial or full functionality.  Uninstall:  You can stop all information collection by applications by disabling call forwarding and deactivating your account by following the instructions on the Service’s Settings screen and then uninstalling the applications using the standard uninstall process for your device. If you uninstall the applications from your mobile device  the unique identifier associated with your device will continue to be stored. If you reinstall the applications on the same mobile device  we will be able to re-associate this identifier to your previous transactions and activities.  Email:  You may choose to stop receiving our newsletter or marketing emails by following the unsubscribe instructions included in these emails or you can contact us at cs@echelonfit.com. Opting out of newsletters and marketing emails will not affect communication via email or telephone relating to your orders.  Notwithstanding any of the foregoing  when we enable you to create a profile  and share information such as messages  photos  and videos with others  we cannot control the actions of others with whom you may choose to share your pages and information.  Nevada Users:  Nevada residents have the right to opt out of the sale of certain covered information collected by operators of websites or online services.  Additional rights for residents of the European Economic Area (EEA) and the State of California are further set forth below.  About cookies  A cookie is a file containing an identifier (a string of letters and numbers) that is sent by a web server to a web browser and is stored by the browser. The identifier is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server.  Cookies may be either persistent cookies or session cookies: a persistent cookie will be stored by a web browser and will remain valid until its set expiry date  unless deleted by the user before the expiry date; a session cookie  on the other hand  will expire at the end of the user session  when the web browser is closed.  Cookies do not typically contain any information that personally identifies a user  but personal information that we store about you may be linked to the information stored in and obtained from cookies.  Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies  We collect the information we mentioned in the previous paragraphs through the use of various technologies  including cookies. A cookie is a piece of data that a web site or web-based application can send to your browser  which is then stored on your computer as an anonymous tag that identifies your computer  and in some cases  you.  Some Echelon pages use cookies  sent by Echelon  its third-party vendors  or other technologies to better serve you when you access and use the Services. You can set your browser to notify you before you receive a cookie  giving you the chance to decide whether to accept it. You also can set your browser to turn off cookies. If you do so  however  some websites  including ours  may not work properly. Our Echelon cookies are linked to personal information; however  our third-party vendor cookies only collect data in the aggregate.  We receive data from the various devices you use to access our Services. This may include location and IP information  device ID information  the pages within our site that you visit  or the type of browser you are using. We may even receive GPS information from your device so we can provide you location-based services.  We may pool the information obtained from cookies with other anonymous information for the purposes of sending direct mail. If you wish to not receive direct mail  you may contact us via the methods described at the end of this privacy policy as noted in the “Our Details” section.  In addition to cookies  such other technologies may include: pixel tags (also known as a clear GIFs or web beacons) which are tiny images (in most cases  typically just one-pixel) that can be placed on a web page or in our electronic communications to you in order to help us measure the effectiveness of our content by  for example  counting the number of individuals who visit us online or verifying whether you’ve opened one of our emails or seen one of our web pages; and HTML5 (the language some websites  such as mobile websites are coded in) may be used to store information on your computer or device about your website usage activities and to help determine how our Services are being used by our visitors  how the services can be improved and to customize our Services for our users. Web browsers may offer users of our Services the ability to disable receiving certain types of cookies; however  if cookies are disabled  some features or functionality of our Services may not function correctly. The “help” menu on most internet browsers contains information on how to disable cookies  or you can visit www.aboutcookies.org/how-to-control-cookies/. The above tracking technologies may be deployed by us or our service providers on our behalf.  Managing cookies  Most browsers allow you to refuse to accept cookies and to delete cookies. The methods for doing so vary from browser to browser  and from version to version. You can however obtain up-to-date information about blocking and deleting cookies via these links:  Google Chrome Support  Mozilla Firefox Support  Opera Support  Microsoft Internet Explorer Support  Apple Safari Support  Microsoft Edge Support  Blocking all cookies will have a negative impact upon the usability of many websites.  If you block cookies  you will not be able to use all the features on our website.  Do not track disclosures  Do Not Track (“ DNT ”) is a privacy preference that users can set in certain web browsers. DNT is a way for users to inform websites and services that they do not want certain information about their webpage visits collected over time and across websites or online services. Please note that we do not respond to or honor DNT signals or similar mechanisms transmitted by web browsers.  How we protect your information  The security of your personal information is important to us. When you enter sensitive information (such as credit card number) on our order forms  we encrypt the transmission of that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL). You can log in to our site using sign-in services such as Facebook Connect or an Open ID provider. These services will authenticate your identity and provide you the option to share certain personal information with us such as your name and email address to pre-populate our sign-up form. Services like Facebook Connect give you the option to post information about your activities on this Websites to your profile page to share with others within your network.  We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us  both during transmission and once we receive it. No method of transmission over the Internet  or method of electronic storage  is 100% secure  however. Therefore  we cannot guarantee its absolute security.  We use various efforts intended to safeguard the security and integrity of personal information collected through our Services. Despite these measures  however  we cannot and do not guarantee that information will be absolutely safe from interception or intrusion during transmission or while stored on our system  or otherwise  and you provide information to us at your own risk. If you correspond with us by email  text message or using web forms like a contact us feature available through our Services  you should be aware that your transmission might not be secure from access by unauthorized parties. We have no liability for disclosure of your information due to errors or unauthorized acts of third parties during or after transmission. If you create an account as part of using our Services  you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account password and for any activity that occurs under your account. Please notify us of any unauthorized use of your password or account. If we believe that the security of your personal information in our care may have been compromised  we may seek to notify you. If we have your email address  we may notify you by email to the most recent email address you have provided us in your account profile. Please keep your email address in your account up to date. You can change that e-mail address anytime in your account profile. If you receive a notice from us  you can print it to retain a copy of it. To receive these notices  you must check your email account using your computer or mobile device and email application software. We may also post a conspicuous notice on our site or notify you through the mobile application. You consent to our use of email  text message and/or notification through the app as a means of such notification. If you prefer for us to use the postal service to notify you in this situation  please let us know by submitting your request here. You can make this election any time  and it will apply to notifications we make after a reasonable time thereafter for us to process your request. You may also use this email address to request a print copy  at no charge  of an electronic notice we have sent to you regarding a compromise of your personal information.  Information for Individuals in the European Economic Area (EEA)  Users from the EEA have the right to: opt out of cookies (see our Cookie Policy); access  correct  delete  restrict or object to our use of their personal data; be forgotten; and data portability. For the most part  we enable exercise of these rights directly through our Services.  If you require assistance or have a specific request that is not presently covered by our product features  please contact our Data Protection Officer. We may require additional information from you to fulfil your requests. We may charge a reasonable fee if your request imposes an unreasonable cost. We will afford UK-based users with all rights available to EU users  regardless of the UK’s EU member status.  As a resident of the EEA  you may have some or all of the following rights in relation to how we use your personal information:   Access: you may request access to your personal information and receive copies of it;  Correction: you may have inaccurate/incomplete personal information corrected and updated;  Object to  or Limit or Restrict  Use of Data: you can ask us to stop using all or some of your personal information or to limit our use of it;  Deletion: in certain circumstances  you can request a right to be forgotten (this is a right to have your information deleted or our use of your data restricted). We will honor such requests unless we have to retain this information to comply with a legal obligation or unless we have an overriding interest to retain it;  Portability: in certain circumstances  exercise the right to data portability (this is a right to obtain a transferable version of your personal information to transfer to another provider); and  Consent Management: where we rely on consent to process your personal data  you may withdraw consent at any time. You do not have to provide a reason for your withdrawal where processing is based on consent.   If you are a resident of the EEA and you wish to access  change or delete personal information we hold about you  you may contact us by completing an EEA Request Form. If we change or delete your personal information or if you decline to actively share certain personal information with us  we may not be able to provide you with our Services or some of the features and functionality of our Services. In addition  you may contact us to request that we not disclose your personal information to third parties (other than those that are acting as our agent to perform tasks on our behalf  such as data processors). Keep in mind  we may reject requests for certain reasons  including if the request is unlawful or if it may infringe on the rights and freedoms of another person. For example  we may not be able to accommodate certain requests to object to the processing of personal information  notably where such requests would not allow us to provide our Services to you anymore. For your protection  we may require proof of identity and verification before we can answer the foregoing requests.  Legal basis for processing data:  In some cases  we have a legitimate interest to process the personal information that we collect  such as to develop  administer and support our products and services; to operate  evaluate and improve our business; to facilitate and manage engagement programs; to promote research; to support our recruitment activities; or to facilitate a corporate transaction (including a sale of assets or merger or acquisition).  In other cases  we process personal information to fulfill our contracts with business partners  such as third parties that distribute our products. It may also be necessary for us to process personal information to establish  exercise or defend against fraud  illegal activity  and claims and other liabilities  including by enforcing the Terms and Conditions that govern the Services we provide. Our processing of certain information may be necessary to comply with our legal obligations  and for reasons of public interest  such as with respect to adverse events and product safety reporting. We may also process personal information as specifically permitted by applicable legal requirements. If we rely on consent for the processing of your personal information  we will seek such consent at the time we collect your personal information.  International data transfers:  We may transfer your personal information to countries other than the country in which the data was originally collected for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy. For example  if you are located outside of the United States  we may transfer your personal information to the United States  where Echelon is headquartered. The countries to which we transfer personal information may not have the same data protection laws as the country in which you initially provided the information. When we transfer personal information across borders  we consider a variety of requirements that may apply to such transfers. Specifically  we may transfer personal information from the European Economic Area to: (a) countries that the European Commissions has deemed to adequately safeguard personal information; (b) pursuant to the recipient’s compliance with standard contractual clauses (also known as Model Clauses)  EU-US Privacy Shield  or Binding Corporate Rules; (c) pursuant to the consent of the individual to whom the personal information pertains; or (d) as otherwise permitted by applicable EEA requirements.  Residents of the EEA or the UK may submit a request through the GDPR Request Form.  Information for Residents of California  If you are a California resident  the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) may provide you with notice and other rights regarding our use of your personal information that are in addition to those set forth elsewhere in this Privacy Policy. The CCPA Notice applies to “Consumers” as defined by the law. Consumers from California have the right to: request information about the categories and sources of personal information collected  and the associated purposes for collection and third-party disclosures; request a copy of their personal information; request deletion of their personal information; and opt out of the sale of personal information. This section describes your CCPA rights as a California Consumer and explains how to exercise those rights. See the above Sections to learn what information we collect from you and how it is collected  used  and shared.  Access to Information and Data Portability Rights:  You have the right to send us a request  no more than twice in a twelve (12) month period  for any of the following for the period that is twelve (12) months prior to the request date: the categories of personal information we have collected about you; the categories of sources from which we collected your personal information; the business or commercial purposes for our collecting or selling your personal information; the categories of third parties to whom we have shared your personal information; the specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you; a list of the categories of personal information disclosed for a business purpose in the prior 12 months  or that no disclosure occurred; and a list of the categories of personal information sold about you in the prior 12 months  or that no sale occurred.  If we sold your personal information  we will explain: (a) the categories of your personal information we have sold; and (b) the categories of third parties to which we sold personal information  by categories of personal information sold for each third party. You have the right to make or obtain a transportable copy  no more than twice in a twelve-month period  of your personal information that we have collected in the period that is 12 months prior to the request date and are maintaining.  Data Deletion Rights:  Except to the extent we have a basis for retention under CCPA  you may request that we delete your personal information that we have collected directly from you and are maintaining. Note also that we are not required to delete your personal information that we did not collect directly from you.  Exercising Your Rights:  To make a request for access  portability  or deletion according to your rights under CCPA  residents of California may submit a request through the CCPA Request Form. California Consumers may exercise these rights via an authorized agent who meets the agency requirements of the CCPA. We cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm that the personal information relates to you. Any request you submit to us is subject to an identification and residency verification process (“Verifiable Consumer Request”). The Verifiable Consumer Request must: (a) provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative; and (b) describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand  evaluate  and respond to it. Some personal information we maintain about Consumers is not sufficiently associated with enough personal information about the Consumer for us to be able to verify that it is a particular Consumer’s personal information (e.g.  clickstream data tied only to a pseudonymous browser ID). As required by the CCPA  we do not include that personal information in response to Verifiable Consumer Requests. If we cannot comply with a request  we will explain the reasons in our response. We will make commercially reasonable efforts to identify Consumer personal information that we collect  process  store  disclose  and otherwise use and to respond to your California Consumer privacy rights requests. We will typically not charge a fee to fully respond to your requests  but we may charge a reasonable fee  or refuse to act upon a request  if your request is excessive  repetitive  unfounded  or overly burdensome.  We will not discriminate against you in a manner prohibited by the CCPA because you exercise your CCPA rights. However  we may charge a different price or rate  or offer a different level or quality of good or service  to the extent that doing so is reasonably related to the value of the applicable data. In addition  we may offer you financial incentives for the collection  sale and retention and use of your personal information as permitted by the CCPA that can  without limitation  result in reasonably different prices  rates  or quality levels. The material aspects of any financial incentive will be explained and described in its program terms. We may add or change incentive programs and/or their terms by posting notice on the program descriptions and terms linked to above so check them regularly.  California's Shine the Light law  Civil Code section 1798.83  requires certain businesses to respond to requests from California customers asking about the businesses' practices related to disclosing personal information to third parties for the third parties' direct marketing purposes. You may make such a request by completing and submitting a STL Request Form. We do not make any representations concerning third parties that do not collect personal information directly through our Services. To find out more about our “do not track” practices under Cal. Bus. & Prof. Code § 22575  see the “Do Not Track Disclosures” Section of this Privacy Policy. For additional information on your privacy choices and rights  see the “Your rights” Section of this Privacy Policy.  Amendments  We may update this policy from time to time by publishing a new version across our Services.  You should check this page occasionally to ensure you are happy with any changes to this policy.  We will notify you of changes to this policy by email or through the private messaging system on our Services.  Dispute resolution  We are committed to working with you to obtain a fair resolution of any complaint. We encourage you to begin by contacting our Data Protection Officer. We endeavor to respond to requests promptly. Any dispute arising under or relating to the provisions of this Privacy Policy will be governed in accordance with Echelon’s Terms and Conditions found at https://echelonfit.com/pages/terms-and-conditions .  E.U. residents also have the right to lodge complaints with the data protection authority of their country of residence.  Our details  This website is owned and operated by Echelon Fitness Multimedia  LLC.  We are registered and our registered office is at 6011 Century Oaks Drive  Chattanooga  TN 37416.  You can contact us: by post  to the postal address given above; using our website contact form; by telephone  on the contact number published on our website from time to time; or by email  using the email address published on our website from time to time.  Data protection officer:  Jake Profit  Our data protection officer's contact details are: corporatecounsel@echelonfit.com  Shine the Light Form : https://www.dropbox.com/s/tpg766lsotynb4c/Shine%20the%20Light%20Form%202020-08-17%282470952.1%29.pdf?dl=0      EEA GDPR FORM  https://www.dropbox.com/s/dkt3cdkiwr7aygn/EEA%20-%20GDPR%20Form%202020-08-14%282470360.1%29.pdf?dl=0    CCPA Form  https://www.dropbox.com/s/h9shq0xqrgxdz2b/CCPA%20Form%202020-08-14%282470361.1%29.pdf?dl=0      Echelon Fit US   Echelondev Footer Menu1    Connect Bikes  Reflects  FitPass  App Experience  Trainers  Referral Program  Echelon Studio  Military & First Responder Offer    Echelondev Footer Menu2    Contact Us  FAQ  Blog  Register a Warranty  Return Policy  Privacy Policy  Terms & Conditions  Accessibility  Echelon Shipping Resource Center  Careers  Dealer Locator    Follow Us  Available On     Call 833-YES-BIKE | Text to 423-205-1860.   * Every Echelon product is satisfaction guaranteed and may be returned in its original condition for a refund. To receive refund  product must be in brand new  re-sellable condition (including but not limited to being free of scratches and/or dents) and returned in its original box with its tags  user manual and charger. Echelon will provide customers with a return shipping label upon request. Returns within 30 days of delivery date will incur a $100.00 restocking fee that will be deducted from any refund owed customer. Returns 31 days or more after delivery date will incur an additional $100.00 return fee that will also be deducted from any refund owed customer. Refund amount determined in Echelon’s sole discretion. Please see Return Policy for further details.  Apple  the Apple logo  iPhone  and iPod touch are trademarks of Apple Inc.  registered in the U.S. and other countries. App Store is a service mark of Apple Inc.  registered in the U.S. and other countries. Google Play and the Google Play logo are trademarks of Google LLC. Fitbit is a registered trademark and service mark of Fitbit  Inc. Echelon is designed for use with the Fitbit platform. This product is not put out by Fitbit  and Fitbit does not service or warrant the functionality of this product.  © 2020    Echelon Fitness Multimedia LLC. All rights reserved. Patent pending.   We noticed you're accessing the United States website.  Choose another country or region to see content specific to your location.    United States  Canada  UNITED KINGDOM  MEXICO      