   Science  About  Gift  Login  Start free trial Privacy Policy Expectful respects your privacy and permits you to control certain aspects of the treatment of your personal information as set forth in Expectful’s Privacy Policy. A complete statement of the current privacy policy can be found in Expectful’s Privacy Policy. The Privacy Policy is expressly incorporated into this Agreement by this reference. 1. Infringement Policy Expectful reserves the right in its sole discretion to immediately suspend and/or terminate access to the Service or the Website by any user who is alleged to have infringed on the intellectual property rights of Expectful or of a third party  or otherwise violated any intellectual property laws or regulations. Expectful’s policy is to investigate any allegations of copyright infringement brought to its attention. If you have evidence  know  or have a good faith belief that your rights or the rights of a third party have been violated and you want Expectful to delete  edit  or disable the material in question  you must provide Expectful with all of the following information: (a) a physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the exclusive right that is allegedly infringed; (b) identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed  or  if multiple copyrighted works are covered by a single notification  a representative list of such works; (c) identification of the material that is claimed to be infringed or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled  and information reasonably sufficient to permit Expectful to locate the material; (d) information reasonably sufficient to permit Expectful to contact you  such as an address  telephone number  and if available  an electronic mail address at which you may be contacted; (e) a statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner  its agent  or the law; and (f) a statement that the information in the notification is accurate  and under penalty of perjury  that you are authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed. For this notification to be effective  you must provide it to Expectful by e-mail with a return receipt acknowledgement. 2. Member Disputes You are solely responsible for your interactions with other Members. Expectful reserves the right  but has no obligation  to monitor or mediate disputes between you and other Members. 3. Term and Termination This Agreement shall remain in full force and effect for so long as it is posted on any of the Website. You may terminate your membership at any time  for any reason  by following the instructions on the Website. If you cancel your membership before the end of the applicable billing cycle  your account will be cancelled as of the following month. You will not receive a refund for the current billing period. Expectful reserves the right to terminate your account or your access to the Website immediately  with or without notice to you  and without liability to you  if Expectful believes that you have breached any of the terms of this Agreement  furnished Expectful with false or misleading information  or interfered with use of the Website or the Service by others. When you close or de-activate your account or if your account is otherwise terminated  we have the right  but not the obligation  to store your personal information  settings  saved and completed classes  and teachers you have followed. Unless we have exercised our right to terminate your account  you can re-activate your account at any time by contacting us. 4. Membership No Sharing. Members of Expectful may not share  give or sell their password or username to any other person or entity. Excessive viewings or logins by any Member will be construed by Expectful as fraudulent use of the Website  which will result in the immediate cancellation of membership without refund. When becoming a Member you agree to take all actions possible to protect your username and password from fraudulent use. Fraudulent Use. Expectful reserves the right to cancel any membership it believes has been compromised  or is being used fraudulently  at its own discretion. Free Trial. We require that you provide a valid credit or debit card (“Payment Source”) at the time you register for a free trial to ensure that you have continued access to your membership after the expiration of the free trial period (“Free Trial”). Expectful will not bill your account until the Free Trial has expired and provided that you have not cancelled your account during the Free Trial period. You may only use a Free Trial once. Expectful reserves the right to terminate any account that is using or trying to use more than one Free Trial. Billing. Memberships are billed monthly or yearly based on the selection option at time of sign up. All memberships are renewed automatically until cancelled. If membership is terminated due to a violation of this Agreement  Expectful will not reimburse the Member for the remainder of any paid month or year  nor will reimbursements be made for membership cancellations prior to any monthly or yearly renewal date. Members may cancel their membership at any time. Membership must be canceled prior to the renewal date in order to end membership charges. At times  special prepaid membership packages will be available for purchase. Special prepaid memberships will be recurring and will renew automatically on the expiry date. Membership must be canceled prior to the renewal date in order to end membership charges. Pricing. When you purchase a membership subscription  you will initially be charged at the rate applicable at the time of your agreement to subscribe. If Expectful later increases the price of the subscription  Expectful will notify you. The increase will apply to the next payment due from you after the notice  provided that you have been given at least 10 days’ prior notice before the charge is made. If you are given less than 10 days’ prior notice  the price increase will not apply until the payment after the next payment due. 5. Disclaimer of Warranties You agree that your use of the Website shall be at your sole risk. The Website and the materials are provided “AS IS” and without warranties of any kind  either express or implied. To the fullest extent permitted by law  Expectful  its officers  directors  employees  and agents disclaim all warranties  express or implied  in connection with the Website and your use thereof. Expectful makes no warranties or representations about the accuracy or completeness of this Website’s content or the content of any sites linked to this Website and assumes no liability or responsibility or any (I) errors  mistakes  or inaccuracies of content  (II) personal injury or property damage  of any nature whatsoever  resulting from your access to and use of the Website  (III) any unauthorized access to or use of Expectful secure servers and/or any and all personal information and/or financial information stored therein  (IV) any interruption or cessation of transmission to or from the Website  (V) any bugs  viruses  Trojan horses  or the like which may be transmitted to or through the Website by any third party  and/or (VI) any errors or omissions in any content or for any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the use of any content posted  emailed  transmitted  or otherwise made available via the Website. Expectful does not warrant  endorse  guarantee  or assume responsibility for any product or service advertised or offered by a third party through the Website or any hyperlinked website or featured in any banner or other advertising  and Expectful will not be a party to or in any way be responsible for monitoring any transaction between you and third-party providers of products or services. As with the purchase of a product or service through any medium or in any environment  you should use your best judgment and exercise caution where appropriate. 6. Limitation on Liability In no event shall Expectful  its officers  directors  employees  or agents  be liable to you for any direct  indirect  incidental  special  punitive  or consequential damages whatsoever resulting from any (I) errors  mistakes  or inaccuracies of content  (II) personal injury or property damage  of any nature whatsoever  resulting from your access to and use of the Website  (III) any unauthorized access to or use of Expectful secure servers and/or any and all personal information and/or financial information stored therein  (IV) any interruption or cessation of transmission to or from the Website  (V) any bugs  viruses  Trojan horses  or the like  which may be transmitted to or through the Website by any third party  and/or (VI) any errors or omissions in any content or for any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of your use of any content posted  emailed  transmitted  or otherwise made available via the Website  whether based on warranty  contract  tort  or any other legal theory  and whether or not the Expectful is advised of the possibility of such damages. The foregoing limitation of liability shall apply to the fullest extent permitted by law in the applicable jurisdiction. You specifically acknowledge that Expectful shall not be liable for content posted by users or the defamatory  offensive  or illegal conduct of any third party and that the risk of harm or damage from the foregoing rests entirely with you. Any reference to a person  entity  product  or service on this Website does not constitute an endorsement or recommendation by Expectful or any of its employees. Expectful is not responsible for any third party content on the Website or third party web page accessed from this Website  nor does Expectful warrant the accuracy of any information contained in a third party website or its fitness for any particular purpose. No communication of any kind between you and Expectful or a representative of Expectful shall constitute a waiver of any limitations of liability hereunder or create any additional warranty not expressly stated in the terms of use. Expectful reserves the right to remove any material posted on the Website that it determines in its sole discretion is violative of any law or right of any person  infringes the rights of any person  or is otherwise inappropriate for posting on the Website. 7. Exclusions and Limitations Those who access or use the Website from other jurisdictions do so at their own volition and are responsible for compliance with local law. Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of certain warranties or the limitation or exclusion of liability for incidental or consequential damages. Accordingly  in certain jurisdictions  some of the above limitations of liability may not apply to you; all other provisions of this Agreement remain in full force and effect. 8. Indemnity You agree to defend  indemnify and hold harmless Expectful  its subsidiaries  affiliates  subcontractors  officers  directors  employees  consultants  representatives and agents  from and against any and all claims  damages  obligations  losses  liabilities  costs or debt  and expenses (including but not limited to attorneys’ fees and costs) arising from: (i) your use of and access to the Website; (ii) your violation of any term of this Agreement; (iii) your violation of any third party right  including without limitation any copyright  property  or privacy right; or (iv) any claim that one of your submissions of Content caused damage to a third party. This defense and indemnification obligation will survive this Agreement and your use of the Website. 9. Additional Terms We may also require you to follow additional rules  guidelines or other conditions in order to participate in certain promotions or activities available through the Website  to obtain certain premium Content through the Website  or for other reasons. These additional terms are part of this Agreement  and you agree to comply with them when you participate in those promotions  or otherwise engage in activities governed by such additional terms. 10. Modification and Discontinuation We reserve the right at any time to modify  edit  delete  suspend or discontinue  temporarily or permanently the Service or any of the Website (or any portion thereof) with or without notice. You agree that we will not be liable to you or to any third party for any such modification  editing  deletion  suspension or discontinuance of the Service or the Website. 11. Assignment This Agreement and any rights and licenses granted hereunder  may not be transferred or assigned by you  but may be assigned by Expectful without restriction. 12. Integration Clause This Agreement together with the Privacy Policy and any other legal notices published by Expectful on the Website  shall constitute the entire agreement between you and Expectful concerning the Website and governs your use of the Website and Service  superseding any prior agreements between you and Expectful with respect to the Website and Service. 13. Waiver and Severability of Terms The failure of Expectful to exercise or enforce any right or provision of this Agreement shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. If any provision of this Agreement is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid  the parties nevertheless agree that the court should endeavor to give effect to the parties’ intentions as reflected in the provision  and the other provisions of this Agreement remain in full force and effect. 14. Statute of Limitations You agree that regardless of any statute or law to the contrary  any claim or cause of action arising out of or related to use of the Website  the Service or this Agreement must be filed within one (1) year after such claim or cause of action arose or be forever barred. 15. Governing Law and Venue This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of New York  without respect to its conflict of laws principles. Any claim or dispute between you and Expectful that arises in whole or in part from the Website shall be decided exclusively by a court of competent jurisdiction located in New York County  New York. You agree that: (a) the Website shall be deemed solely based in New York; and (b) the Expectful Website shall be deemed a passive website that does not give rise to personal jurisdiction over Expectful  either specific or general  in jurisdictions other than New York. 16. Ability to Accept Terms of Service You affirm that you are at least eighteen (18) years of age  and are fully able and competent to enter into this Agreement  conditions  obligations  affirmations  representations  and warranties set forth in this Agreement  and to abide by and comply with this Agreement. 17. General Expectful reserves the right to amend this Agreement at any time and without notice  and it is your responsibility to review this Agreement for any changes. Your use of the Website following any amendment of this Agreement will signify your assent to and acceptance of its revised terms. 18. Questions If you have any questions or comments regarding this Agreement or the Website  feel free to contact us by e-mail.   Contact us. CLICK HERE Have a question or need help? VISIT FAQs  Healthcare provider? CLICK HERE  TERMS & CONDITIONS PRIVACY POLICY  Blog  Podcast  Pregnancy loss  Media Room  Helping Hand  Careers  Expand  minimize  The Meditation and Sleep App for Fertility  Pregnancy and Parenthood 