 TERMS OF USE  1. GENERAL  By using this website www.motosumo.com (&quotWebsite) or installing the application (as defined below)  you agree to be bound by these terms of use ( Terms ). Please review them carefully before using our Website or in any other way making use of our services. The Terms may be changed from time to time without notice  and it is recommended that the Terms are reviewed from time to time. Kindly abstain from using the Website and the application  if you do not agree with these Terms.  2. DEFINITIONS  The following terms shall be used as defined in this paragraph throughout the Terms:  mO2tion technology innovation ApS    We  or  Our  are mO2tion technology innovation ApS;  You    Your  or  User  are anyone who is using the Website or installing and using the app (as defined below); and  Us  are mO2tion technology innovation ApS and You.  3. INTRODUCTION  mO2tion technology innovation has developed a mobile application named the mO2tion app that uses the built in sensors of the phone  such as accelerometer  gyroscope  and GPS  to record information about the User's movement pattern during sports and regular activities ( ). Additional data may be recorded by separate sensors and recorded data is sent to a calculation server  which   returns key values and coaching advice based hereon. Delivery of such information may be in real time or for subsequent   analysis by the User.  Mo2tion Technology Innovation ApS is registered in Denmark with company registration number 35 66 07 20  and have our registered address at Ole Maaløes Vej 3  DK-2200 København N  Denmark. Any enquiries to mO2tion technology innovation ApS in relation to these Terms can be submitted by e-mail to support@motosumo.com .  4. USE OF THE SERVICES  These Terms and the private policy ( Private Policy ) apply to all visitors to the Website and Users of any of our services ( Services ) when these are provided through the App or the Website. Hereto comes any other service provided by Us in relation to the Services  including but not limited to Services reached through associated websites or other access points. The Services enable the delivery of information  messages  notes  text  video  sounds  photographs  images  logos  software  audio  graphics  data  link to websites  and other material. Unless it is expressly agreed by Us  these Terms represent the entire agreement between You and Us concerning use of the Services.  The Services may only be used by persons who are 13 years or older. By using the Service  You warrant that You are 13 years or older. The service is not intended for children under 13. If you are 13 or older  but under the age of 18  you must review the Terms with your parent(s) or legal guardian(s) to ensure that both you and your parent(s) or legal guardian(s) understand and consent to the Terms. If You have been using Our Services without being 13 or older  it will be a breach of these Terms  and We have the right to terminate Your access immediately without giving any prior notice.  5. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS AND USER CONTENT  All rights to the App  Website  information  messages  notes  text  video  sounds  photographs  images  logos  software  audio  graphics  data  link to websites  and other material ( Intellectual Property Rights ) are the property of mO2tion technology innovation ApS and such rights are protected under Danish law and other national or regional legislation which protect trademarks  designs  copyrights  patents and knowhow. We reserve all rights to the Intellectual Property Rights regardless not expressly granted under these Terms. The Intellectual Property rights must not be used neither privately nor commercially in any way without mO2tion technology innovation ApS' prior explicit written consent.  You have no right to the Intellectual Property Right and may only make use of the Intellectual Property Rights as far as such use is in accordance with these Terms. When You download any software from Our Website or any affiliated third party website in relation to the App  we only grant You a limited  personal  non-transferable and non-exclusive license to use such software.  You warrant not to use the Intellectual Property Rights or Services in a way which is or may be infringing on Our Intellectual Property Rights  or in any other way violate any law  or is otherwise inappropriate.  Further  You agree not to disassemble  reverse engineer  decompile or otherwise attempt to discover any source code  sell  remove  assign  redistribute  transfer any right in  lease  grant any security interest in or any right to any parts of the Services  the Intellectual Property Rights  the software or user generated or submitted content. Furthermore  You agree not to use any robots  data mining or similar data gathering methods and accept that a breach of this clause may result in sanctions  civil or criminal.  By accepting these Terms the User gives mo2tion technology innovation ApS a non-revocable  non-exclusive  non-confidential  royalty free  transportable  perpetual worldwide right to use any user generated content created in the App or on the Website in any matter and for any purpose  without any license or payment due. This further means that when You make use of the App or the Website  You accept and consent to mo2tion technology innovation ApS' receipt  collection and processing of knowledge and information about You and Your sensitive personal data  including health information. mo2tion technology innovations ApS' processing and storage of such user generated data will be in accordance with Our Private Policy.  6. THIRD-PARTIES  We may at any time choose to have business partners or other third parties services ( Other Services ) included in the Services. Such Other Services may be advertisements and other offers available to You via Our Website or App  and such Other Services may provide You with a link to third party websites and other resources. We do not have any control over such resources  and We are not liable or responsible for any content or services made available through such resources. You accept that any agreement in relation to Other Services is made directly between You and the third party business partners  and that mo2tion technology innovation ApS do not have any responsibility or liability related to lack of performance  damages or losses You may suffer as a result of using or accessing such Other Services.  7. YOUR ACCEPTANCE AND LIABILITY  As the Services delivered by mo2tion technology innovation ApS are based upon Your physical activity  it is important for mo2tion technology innovation ApS to stress that You accept the risks of bodily injuries or dead and/or property damage in relation to using the Services. You accept to use the Services and any content or material created by using the Services at Your own risk and for Your own costs  and to have the responsibility in relation to data transmission facilities. Further  You accept that mO2tion technology innovation ApS is not responsible for supervising any control in relation to the Services and any user generated content  and that We do not provide medical advice or opinions for any medical purpose You should have.  We strongly recommend that You consult a licensed medical professional prior to beginning any exercising programs.  You agree to defend  indemnify  and hold the mo2tion technology innovation ApS harmless from and against any demands  actions  claims  losses  liabilities and expenses  arising or resulting from any of Your breach of these Terms or any of Your use of the Services  or Your conduct in relation to this use. You agree not to file any claims against mo2tion technology innovation ApS in relation to any claim  loss  injuries or damage - whether based on warranty  tort or contract or any other legal basis  when such fault is caused by Your use of the Services. Nevertheless  if mO2tion technology innovation ApS is found to be liable for any damage or loss  which have a connection with Your use of the Services  Our liability shall in no way exceed DKK 5.000 regardless of the specific circumstances.  8. OUR DISCLAIMER AND LIABILITY  We deliver the Services on an &quotas is basis without any express or implied warranties of any kind. We disclaim all warranties to the fullest extent permitted by law  including  but not limited to  warranty of title  merchantability  non-infringement  including third parties' rights  and fitness for a particular purpose. We  Our partners  affiliates and subsidiaries  and Our and their employees  suppliers  respective officers  directors and partners make no warranties about the Services  and cannot be found liable in any matters including  but not limited to  the accuracy  reliability  usefulness or to errors  defects and delays  including viruses and loss of data. Furthermore  We do not guarantee that errors or defects in the Services  the App or the Website will be repaired.  mO2tion technology innovation ApS encourages You to always put safety first and be careful when You use the Services. mO2tion technology innovation ApS is not liable or responsible for any injuries or other damages You may incur as a result of using or inability to use  the Services or lack of knowledge to practice the relevant kind of exercises. Furthermore  mO2tion technology innovation ApS is not liable for any communication between Us.  Lastly  We do not have any responsibility in relation to any user generated content or other activities caused by You or other users  or any responsibility or obligation to supervise and remove such content generated by users. We do not have any liability or responsibility in relation to any damage or loss resulting from any interaction with other users of the Services  and have no responsibility to get involved in any dispute between You and other users.  9. CHANGE AND TERMINATION  mO2tion technology innovation ApS may in Our sole discretion change and/or terminate the Services.  mO2tion technology innovation ApS may at Our sole discretion  at any time and for any or no reason  restrict Your use of the Services  remove or edit any user generated content  refuse to post any data generated by You  or terminate Your account  without giving any notice or warning.  You are solely responsible for termination  if You do not wish to use the Services anymore.  The provisions in these Terms which by their nature are to survive termination of use of the Services  including without limitations the Private Policy  the Disclaimer of Warranties and Liability  Intellectual Property Rights and Applicable law  shall survive any termination  regardless of the reason here for.  10. PERSERVERANCE  In case any provision in these Terms is not permitted by applicable law  or cannot be applied to You in its entirety  You agree that the provision concerned is limited to the greatest extent permitted by law. If any of these Terms are found unlawful  invalid  unenforceable or void  the remainder of the Terms shall continue to be valid and enforceable.  11. LAW  JURISDICTION AND PERSEVERANCE  The Services are rendered in accordance with Danish law and any dispute between Us is to be governed by Danish law  excluding the CISG.   PRIVACY POLICY  1. INTRODUCTION  This Private Policy ( Private Policy ) is incorporated into Our terms of use. We refer to the definitions in the Terms. Do not use any of the Services  if You do not agree with this Privacy Policy.  mO2tion technology innovation ApS is entitled to revise and change this Privacy Policy at any time. You will receive a message of any material change on the e-mail address You provided when signing up if You have made an account  or by any other measures  which mO2tion technology innovation ApS finds appropriate and sufficient. Regardless hereof  You are recommended to regularly check  if the Private Policy has been changed.  2. PROTECTION AND CONTROL OF THE DATA  mO2tion technology innovation ApS is subject to the Danish Act on Processing of Personal Data  which adopts the European Union Directive 95/46/EC on the Protection of Individuals with regard to the processing and free movement of personal data ( Data ). All Data is controlled by mO2tion technology innvovation ApS.  In accordance to the Terms and this Privacy Policy  mO2tion technology innovation ApS uses tools to maintain the safety to your Data when receiving  storing and using the Data. Regardless of Our effort  transmission of data over the internet can never be guaranteed to be absolutely secure  which We recommend You to bear in mind.  3. COMPILATION OF PERSONAL DATA  You are aware and accept that We  by Your use of the Services  obtain Data and other information's from and about You  included but not limited to  Your location  Your personal activities and Your performance information  or other user generated information from You or other users that You connect with.  4. USING PERSONAL DATA  The Data we gather about you will be used for the purpose by which it is submitted. We will use the Data to provide Our Services to You  to communicate with You  to provide the information You have requested and similar tasks. Data about Your first- and surname  password  phone number  date of birth and email address will not be disclosed or be made publicly available. Apart from these Data  You accept that We and other users may disclose and make publicly available any user generated content  including Data and other information in relation to you through the Services  such information may be gender  sport activity  location and performance information.  You accept that for Us to be able to perform the Services  including the services requested by You  We are allowed to share and transfer your Data  comprising personally identifiable information  to our third party service providers and related business partners. Such transfer will be secure and will not give any third parties any right to Your personal identifiable information outside the scope of performing the Services. You accept that We are allowed to share non-identifiable personal information  such as but not limited to gender and sports activities  location  etc. to any third parties that We engage into a written contract with.  Additionally  You accept that We store and disclose Data or other user generated content in relation to governmental requests  in response to court orders  for administrative purposes  or if required by law in any way  or to protect Our or other's rights.  mO2tion technology innovation ApS may send You emails on the email address associated with Your use of the Services  whether for technical or administrative purposes or in order for Us to inform Users of any changes or development in the Service. We will not send out commercial offers unrelated to mO2tion technology innovation ApS.  5. COOKIES  The Website uses authentication cookies ( Cookies ) which are necessary for you to log in and to let you move around the Website and use essential features. Without the use of such Cookies  we cannot provide the Services to you.  The Cookies do not collect any information about you for use in marketing or other similar commercial purposes as well as the Cookies do not remember or save knowledge as to your whereabouts on the internet.  When you create an account and log in to this account subsequently you accept the use of Cookies.  We will potentially make use of other types of cookies in the future. If so  you will be informed of such cookies on our Website and you will be able to collect more information on their purpose and how you can manage them in this Privacy Policy.  6. RETENTION OF DATA  The personal data that You communicate to Us through the use of the Website or App is hosted by https://www.leaseweb.com/de/ or https://aws.amazon.com/ . We use our best efforts to prevent any interference with personal data such as loss  diversion  intrusion  unauthorized disclosure  alteration  or destruction.  Any and all personal data collected and processed by mO2tion technology innovation ApS will be deleted 3 months after you have informed Us that you will not make use of Our Services anymore.  At any time Users may request that the delivery of Services is terminated on the conditions and limitations stated in the Terms.  Kindly note that in accordance with the Danish Act on Personal Data You are at all times given have the right to access  modify  and delete the personal data that we have collected and process about you. In such case  please contact Us by using any of the following address information: mO2tion Technology Innovation ApS  Hørkœr 26  st.  DK-2730 Herlev   Denmark or by email: support@motosumo.com .  