         Personal Training Coach  Navigation    Home  Workouts  FAQs  User Manual  Exercises  Contact    Home  Workouts  FAQs  User Manual  Exercises  Contact   Maximize your training. Your personal coach for gaining strength  building muscle  and burning fat.  Join over 1 million users worldwide using Personal Training Coach.     Preloaded with the best programs with the ability to create your own.   StrongLifts 5×5 Lvysaurs 4-4-8 Push Pull Legs GreySkull LP Ice Cream Fitness 5×5 Metallicdpas PPL Reddit BWF Recommended Routine Wendler 5/3/1 nSuns 5/3/1 Madcow 5×5 Texas Method GZCLP r/Fitness Basic Beginner Routine Create your own program and share with friends and foes!   Great features to help you focus on lifting.  Automatic rest timers Custom program and warm-up scheme Chart your lifts Plate calculator 1 RM calculations Descriptions of training programs and exercises Auto increments and weight deloads Custom Increment Schemes including Double Progression Loved by users. Hundreds of 5-star reviews on Android and iOS – and counting.   This app is helping me to get started weight lifting. I needed some type of organization plan but I had no idea where to start. Begginers strength was just what I needed. Thanks so much! Nacht Box   This app is very helpful and easy to use. I started with the free version and purchased the full after a week of use. If you need a workout plan and something to help your stay motivated is this app. Joshua Handley  Get more with premium access.  Custom programs Warm-up sets Custom warm-up schemes Ad free Modify programs and warm-ups Add  remove  or reorder exercises Backup to cloud or SD card Save and share workouts *This is a one time payment and includes all future features!  Want to see better results from training?  Get Personal Training Coach today.       Home  Workouts  FAQs  User Manual  Exercises  Contact      Interested in an iPhone app?   We'll inform you as soon as an iPhone app comes out     Email   I'M INTERESTED             