       Solutions FoodSmart: Telenutrition+    FoodsMart: Order Food Online    Foodsecure: SNAP + Subsidies    Foodscripts  Health Plans    Employers    Individuals    Login Contact Us     Privacy  Enterprise Privacy Policy and your Privacy Rights  Foodsmart is a business name of Zipongo  Inc.  and any references herein to Zipongo also refer to Foodsmart. Zipongo  Inc. and its service Zipongo (“ Zipongo  ” “ we  ” or “ us “) is committed to protecting your privacy. We have prepared this Enterprise Privacy Policy to describe to you our practices regarding the Personal Data (as defined below) we collect from users of our Enterprise Site. This Enterprise Privacy Policy is made part of the Zipongo Terms and Conditions (“ Terms and Conditions “)  foodsmart.co/terms/ . Capitalized terms not defined in this Enterprise Privacy Policy will have the meanings set forth in the Terms and Conditions. The Zipongo services made available for use via  zipongo.com  (the “ Site ”)  through your mobile device  including mobile apps  including but not limited to OrderWell  or through the Site (“ Service “)  you (“you” or the “ End User “) are governed  separately  by the terms and conditions (the “ Terms of Service “) that we  Zipongo  Inc. (“ Zipongo  ” “we ” or “us“) provides on the Site.  By submitting Personal Data through the Enterprise Site  you agree to the terms of this Enterprise Privacy Policy and you expressly consent to the processing of your Personal Data in accordance with this Enterprise Privacy Policy. Your Personal Data may be processed in the country where it was collected and in other countries  including the United States  where laws regarding processing of Personal Data may be less stringent than the laws in your country.  1. Types of Data We Collect  We collect Personal Data and Anonymous Data from you when you visit the Enterprise Site  or send us information or communications  and/or when you submit content to our Enterprise Site. “ Personal Data ” means data that allows someone to identify or contact you  including  for example  your name  address  location  telephone number  email address  as well as any other non-public information about you that is associated with or linked to any of the foregoing data. “ Anonymous Data ” means data that is not associated with or linked to your Personal Data; Anonymous Data does not permit the identification of individual persons.  1.1 Data You Provide to Us  We receive and store any information you enter on our Enterprise Site or otherwise provide to us.  We collect Personal Data from you  such as your username  first and last name  mailing address  email address  phone number  location  when you access the Enterprise Site and submit such information to the Enterprise Site.  We collect any Personal Data contained in information or content that you submit to the Enterprise Site  such as name or email.  We collect information that you submit to the Enterprise Site response to surveys or submissions of requests for references or resources.  If you provide us feedback or contact us via e-mail  we may collect your name and email address  as well as any other content included in the e-mail or that you submit to us  in order to send you a reply.  1.2 Data Collected Through Technology  Our servers (which may be hosted by a secure third party service provider) collect information from you when you visit or use the Enterprise Site  such as browser type and version  operating system  platform  Internet Protocol (IP) address (a number that is automatically assigned to your computer when you use the Internet  which may vary from session to session)  domain name  and a date/time stamp for your visit.  We use analytics technology to collect information about your use of our mobile applications and the Enterprise Site  such as the time and date of your use  the duration of your use of various screens  and the features that you accessed. We use this data to assess features most preferred or most difficult to use  to improve the usability experience for users.  We may use cookies  Flash cookies  and navigational data like Uniform Resource Locators (URLs) on the Enterprise Site to gather information about your online activities  such as the date and time of your visit  and the information for which you searched and which you viewed. We may also use a cookie and/or Flash cookie to save your settings and to provide customizable and personalized services (such as to hold your Account information). A “cookie” is a small data file placed on your hard drive when you visit certain websites. A “Flash cookie” is a small data file placed on your hard drive when you visit certain websites that use Adobe Flash. You may disable cookies by adjusting the preferences settings of your browser. Consult the “Help” feature of your browser for specific instructions. To adjust Flash cookie settings  go to Adobe’s website  where you can access your  Flash management tools . If you choose to disable cookies or Flash cookies  some areas of our Enterprise Site may not work properly. Our partners may also use their own cookies. We do not control use of these cookies used by partners and expressly disclaim responsibility for information collected through them.  We use software tools such as Flash or JavaScript to collect page interaction information such as clicks  drags  and hover-overs  response times  errors  and length of visits to certain pages.  We may use clear gifs (otherwise known as web bugs or web beacons) to gather information about your visit to the Enterprise Site  such as what you click on and pages and information you viewed. Additionally  be aware that partners may also use their own clear gifs and we do not control use of these by partners and expressly disclaim responsibility for information collected through them. Clear gifs are tiny graphics with a unique identifier  similar in function to cookies. In contrast to cookies  which are placed on a user’s hard drive  clear gifs are embedded invisibly on web pages.  2. Public Areas; Sharing  We may display your name and public information (“ Public Content ” as defined in the  Foodsmart Terms and Conditions )  such as your comments  blog posts  when you post Public Content to or use forums  blogs  and other user community features of the Enterprise Site (collectively  “ Public Areas “). A subset of your public content is available to the general public and other users on the Enterprise Site. If you associate your name with your Public Content  the people to whom you have revealed your name will be able to personally identify your activities on our Enterprise Site. You may also choose to share on the Enterprise Site or a Third Party Service  via comments  your location  and data  (collectively  “ Shared Content ”). If you use Public Areas  post Public Content  share Shared Content  or send emails or other messages to other persons  you should be aware that they can read  collect or use any Personal Data contained therein. We are not responsible for the Personal Data you choose to submit in the Public Areas  in your Public Content  Shared Content  or that you send to others.  3. Third Party Services  We allow you to access third party services (“ Third Party Services “)  such as  but not limited to  Google  to share content with those services. Some Third Party Services may provide us information to help improve and personalize your experience on the Enterprise Site  or provide Shared Content. It is your choice to login to Third Party Services  such as Facebook; you are not required to do so. Once logged into a Third Party Service  you can control your privacy settings on the Service to block the sharing to Third Party Services of your content and the importation of friend and contact information from Third Party Services. You can also adjust your privacy settings with the Third Party Service. We also may offer a feature allowing you to invite friends to join the Enterprise Site by providing their contact information or by importing their contact information from your address book on a Third Party Service  such as  but not limited to  Gmail from Google  or your address book on your mobile device. You agree that we may store and use your friends’ contact information to invite them to join and connect with you on the Enterprise Site. Your friends may choose to ignore your friend requests or the opportunity to access Zipongo.  We are not responsible for the practices employed by any websites or services linked to or from our Enterprise Site  including the information or content contained within them. Please remember that when you use a link to go from our Service to another website or service  our Enterprise Enterprise Privacy Policy does not apply to those third-party websites or services. Your browsing and interaction on any third-party website or service  including those that have a link on our website  are subject to that third party’s own rules and policies. In addition  you agree that we are not responsible and do not have control over any third-parties that you authorize to access your Personal Data. If you are using a third-party website or service and you allow them to access your Personal Data  you do so at your own risk.  4. Use of Your Data  4.1 Generally  In general  Personal Data you submit or authorize a third party to submit (such as an employer) to us is used to provide you with a customized experience  aid us in serving you better  and to respond to your requests.  We use your Personal Data to:   Facilitate the creation of and secure your access on our network;  Identify you as a user in our system;  Provide the services and customer support you request;  Analyze request and usage patterns  diagnose problems with our server and administer our Enterprise Site;  Improve the quality of experience and provide you a personalized experience when you use the Enterprise Site;  Send you administrative e-mail notifications  such as security or support and maintenance advisories (the e-mails we send may contain code that enables our database to track your usage of the e-mail  such as whether the e-mail was opened and/or what links (if any) were clicked);  Respond to your inquiries related to employment opportunities or other requests;  Send you e-mail messages or postal mail informing you of our products and services and also third party products and services we believe may be of interest to you.   4.2 Change of Control   If we sell or otherwise transfer part or the whole of Zipongo or our assets to another organization (e.g.  in the course of a transaction like a merger  acquisition  bankruptcy  dissolution  liquidation)  your information such as name and email address  Personal Data and any other information collected through the Enterprise Site may be among the items sold or transferred. You will continue to own your Personal Data. The buyer or transferee will be required to honor the commitments we have made in this Enterprise Enterprise Privacy Policy.   5. Disclosure of Your Data  5.1 Except as described below  we do not share your Personal Data with third parties:   We may share your Personal Data with third party service providers under contract to perform functions on our behalf. Examples include sending postal mail or e-mail  storing data  analyzing data  performing quality assurance  providing technical support  providing marketing assistance  verifying identity  and providing customer service. These third parties may have access to your Personal Data only as needed to perform their functions.  We may share your Personal Data with any companies that acquire our company or our assets. That company will possess the Personal Data collected by us and will assume the rights and obligations regarding your Personal Data as described in this Enterprise Privacy Policy.  While we do not have a parent company  any subsidiaries  joint ventures  or other companies under common control (collectively  “ Affiliates “)  we may in the future. We may share some or all of your Personal Data with these Affiliates  in which case we will require our Affiliates to honor this Enterprise Privacy Policy.  We may disclose your Personal Data if we have a good faith belief that disclosure is necessary to: (1) comply with the law or with legal process served on us; (2) protect and defend the rights or property of us or our users; (3) act in an emergency to protect someone’s safety; or (4) investigate any violation or potential violation of the law  this Enterprise Privacy Policy  or the Agreement.   5.2 Information that You Share  You may share User Content and/or Personal Data through various Enterprise Site functionalities  including but not limited to sharing via email or invite external contacts to access the Enterprise Site. See the  Terms and Conditions  for more detail on information that you share.  6. Use and Disclosure of Anonymous Data  We will have the right to use  and share with third parties  Anonymous Data for any purpose and in any manner. Anonymous Data includes non-personally identifiable data we create from Personal Data by excluding information that makes such data personally identifiable.  For example  Anonymous Data may be used or disclosed in connection with research studies or may be used to improve the quality of use of the Enterprise Site.  7. Your Choices Regarding Your Personal Data  7.1 Your Control of the Use and Disclosure of Your Personal Data  We offer you choices regarding the collection  use  and sharing of your Personal Data. We may periodically send you free newsletters and emails about new services  products  or other noteworthy news  or that may contain advertisements for third parties. When you receive newsletters or promotional communications from us  you may indicate a preference to stop receiving further communications from us and you will have the opportunity to “opt-out” by following the unsubscribe instructions provided in the email you receive  by changing your Settings  or by contacting us at  support@zipongo.com . Should you opt-out of receiving future mailings  we may share your email address with third parties to ensure that you do not receive further communications from third parties. Despite your indicated email preferences  we may send you notices of any updates to our Agreement  Enterprise Privacy Policy  or other terms for the Service or Enterprise Site.  7.2 Changes to Personal Data  You may change any of your Personal Data by contacting us at  support@zipongo.com . You may request deletion of your Personal Data by us by contacting us at  support@zipongo.com   but please note that we may be required (by law or otherwise) to keep this information and not delete it (or to keep this information for a certain time  in which case we will comply with your deletion request only after we have fulfilled such requirements). When we delete any information  it will be deleted from the active database  but may remain in our archives.  8. A Note about Children  The Enterprise Site is not currently directed to children under the age of 13. We respect the privacy of parents and children and are committed to complying with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“COPPA”). We do not knowingly collect or solicit any information from anyone under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to register for the Enterprise Site. In the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 13 without parental consent  we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 13  please contact us immediately.  9. Security  We have commercially reasonable security measures in place to help protect against loss  misuse and alteration of your Personal Data in our possession  including securely storing any Personal Data collected as encrypted data. No method of transmission over the Internet  or method of electronic storage  is 100% secure  however. Therefore  while Zipongo uses reasonable efforts to protect your Personal Data  Zipongo cannot guarantee its absolute security.  10. Changes to this Enterprise Privacy Policy  Zipongo may modify or update this Enterprise Privacy Policy from time to time  so please review it periodically. We may provide you additional forms of notice of modifications or updates as appropriate under the circumstances. Your continued use of the Enterprise Site after any modification to this Enterprise Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such modification.  11. Contacting Zipongo  We welcome your comments or questions regarding this Enterprise Privacy Policy. Please e-mail us at  support@zipongo.com  or contact us at the following address:  Zipongo Privacy Dept.   600 California Street  19th Floor  San Francisco  CA  94108.      About Us  Careers  Press  Food as Medicine  Contact Us   Privacy Policy  Terms  2020 © Zipongo DBA Foodsmart. All rights reserved.         