ClassPass At-home workouts Explore studios How it works Pricing Locations Blog Log in Get ClassPass Privacy Policy The ClassPass website and mobile applications (the “Site”) are operated by ClassPass Australia Pty Ltd. ClassPass is committed to respecting and protecting your privacy  and at all times acknowledges its obligations under the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) (Privacy Act). To that end  we have prepared this privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) to describe our information gathering and dissemination practices and our data protection practices for the Site. Please read this policy carefully so that you understand our privacy practices. If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy  do not use the Site or give us any of your information. The terms “ClassPass ” “we ” “us ” and “our” refer to ClassPass Australia Pty Ltd. and its affiliates including ClassPass Inc. The terms “you ” “your ” and “yours” refer to the user/customer utilizing the Site. This Privacy Policy is governed by our Terms of Use. CHILDREN The Site is not intended for or directed to persons under the age of 13  and we will not knowingly collect information from such persons. Any person who provides information to us through registration or in any other manner on the Site represents to ClassPass that they are 13 years of age or older. If we learn that a child under 13 has submitted personal information to us  we will attempt to delete the information as soon as possible. Collection of information “Personal Information” means any information which can be used to identify an individual  and may include  but is not limited to  name  email address  or postal or other physical address. We collect Personal Information from you when you register for the Site  including the following: name and email address. To participate in certain activities and to obtain certain services or documents offered on the Site  you may be asked to provide additional Personal Information such as phone number  billing address and credit card information. We endeavor to limit our requests for Personal Information to information that is reasonably necessary to achieve our purposes as described in the “Information Use” section below. Any Personal Information received in communication or in material you transmit to the Site by electronic mail or otherwise are and will be treated in accordance with this Privacy Policy.  When you visit the Site we also collect non-personal information  which is information that by itself cannot be used to identify or contact you  such as usage information (such as the browser you are using  the URL that referred you to the Site and the areas of the Site you visit). Information use ClassPass collects  holds and uses Personal Information for several primary purposes:  to provide you with the Site  service information  and news   to support the Site and services offered on or through the Site   to contact you for feedback about our services   to conduct research about ClassPass’s customer base or services   to fulfill your reservation and purchase requests   to process your payments including credit checks and collection   to notify you of technical updates or changes in policy  or  to contact you for certain marketing and promotional purposes (for further information  including limitations applying to marketing and promotional contact  refer to the specific terms below under the heading Information Sharing and Disclosure)  and  to process contests  sweepstakes  or other promotions and fulfill any related awards or discounts.  We may use information which is not Personal information to analyze and develop our marketing strategy and further improve the Site and our services. Information sharing and disclosure We will not sell or rent your Personal Information to third parties except as described in this Privacy Policy. We will not use or disclose your Personal Information for any purpose other than those connected with the primary purposes outlined above  or reasonably related secondary purposes for which you would reasonably expect us to use or disclose the information. We may disclose your Personal Information to other companies or people under any of the following circumstances: to any applicable venue  studio  instructor or other service provider for each class or activity that you sign up for on the Site  so it can provide service and contact you regarding the activity you reserved.  Any other contact or communication between you and any venue  studio  instructor or other service provider will be subject to any terms you have agreed and/or other relevant consent.  Further  we are not responsible for the content of any communications you may receive from any venue  studio  instructor or other service provider. if sharing the information is reasonably necessary to provide or otherwise make available the Site and any feature of the Site or a service that you have requested. to keep you up to date on the latest product announcements  software updates  special offers  or other information we think you would like to hear about from us or some of our business partners (but only where we have effective consent under applicable law) if we believe in good faith that we are required to do so by law  in connection with litigation  to prevent a crime  to prevent misuse of the Site (for example  any attempt to engage in anti-social behavior)  or to protect personal safety  the public  or the Site itself. in connection with a sale or merger with another entity  consolidation  restructuring  sale of company assets  financing or other corporate change  including during the course of any due diligence process or if ClassPass should ever file for bankruptcy or related proceeding. when we otherwise have your consent to share the information. ClassPass may also share information which is not Personal Information with third parties (e.g. aggregate or demographic data). Choice We will give you the opportunity to “opt out” of receiving from ClassPass direct marketing or market research information. This means we assume you have given us your consent to collect and use your information in accordance with this Privacy Policy unless you take affirmative action to indicate that you do not consent  for instance by clicking or checking the appropriate option or box at the point of collection or by contacting us directly at infoAU@classpass.com . Access You may correct  amend  or delete your Personal Information by editing your profile on the Site or emailing us at infoAU@classpass.com . You have a right to access a copy of the Personal Information held about you by emailing us at infoAU@classpass.com . In providing any requested Personal Information  we reserve the right to charge you a reasonable cost to meet our costs in providing you with this information. Security We are committed to doing all things we reasonably can to protect Personal Information from loss  misuse  interference  disclosure  modification  unauthorized access  and destruction. ClassPass takes reasonable precautions to safeguard the confidentiality of Personal Information. We protect the security of your Personal Information during transmission to us by using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software  which encrypts the information you input. Where we store your personal information The Personal Data that we collect from you may be transferred to  and stored at  a destination outside Australia  including but not limited to the USA. It may also be processed by staff operating outside Australia who work for us  our parent company or for one of our suppliers. Such staff maybe engaged in  among other things  the provision of services to you  the processing of your payment details and the provision of support services. By submitting your Personal Data  you agree to this transfer  storing or processing. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and the Australian Privacy Principles  contained within the Privacy Act.  Please note  however  that Australian law may not necessarily apply to some of these entities. Third party sites The Site may contain links to other sites. ClassPass is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when leaving the Site to read the privacy statements of each site that collects Personal Information. COOKIES We use cookies and other similar technologies (such as actions tags  also known as beacons  or pixels tags) for a number of purposes including for maintaining a user’s session  to remember preferences  track conversions  conduct marketing and promotional efforts  analyze site traffic and trends  and generally understand the online behaviors and interests of people who interact with our Site. We use third-party advertising companies to serve retargeting advertisements on our behalf or to provide advertising-related services. These companies may use a cookie or an action tag  to tailor the advertisements you see on this Website and other sites  to track your response to their advertisement  to determine whether advertising has been served and to measure the effectiveness of their advertising or to award incentives or points to their members who respond to their advertisements. The cookies  action tags or similar files do not contain any Personal Information. You can learn more about targeted advertising  its benefits and your choices by going to the Digital Advertising Alliance site at http://www.aboutads.info/consumers/ . The targeted advertising companies we work with are members of the Network Advertising Initiative. The NAI allows you to limit targeted advertising from its members by using an opt-out tool available on the NAI website at networkadvertising.org . We may also use third parties to provide measurement and analytic services. You can find more information on Google Analytics by visiting https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout . You can change your cookie settings to accept or not accept cookies in your browser settings. Social media features and widgets Our Site may integrate with social sharing features or other related tools which let you share actions you take on our Site with other apps  sites or media  and vice versa. These features may enable the sharing of information with your friends or the public  depending on the settings you establish with the social sharing service. These features may also collect your IP address and which page you are visiting on our Site  and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Your interaction with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the relevant platform. Please refer to the privacy policies of those social sharing services for more information. Public posts The Site may allow you to post or share content to a public area of the Site such as a public profile  group  community or other public area. You should be aware that any content or information you choose to disclose in these areas can be read  collected and used by other users  the general public and other sites (including search engines). We are not responsible for  and this Privacy Policy does not apply to  information you may choose to post in these areas. Your consent to this privacy policy By using this Site  you agree to this Privacy Policy. We may occasionally update this Privacy Policy. The date of the most recent update of this document will always be displayed at the beginning of this page. If we change our Privacy Policy  we will post those changes on classpass.com. If we decide to use Personal Information in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected  we will notify users via email or display a notice on classpass.com. We encourage you to periodically review this Privacy Policy to stay informed about how we are protecting the Personal Information we collect. Your continued use of this Site constitutes your agreement to this Privacy Policy and any updates. Complaints If you have a complaint about the way in which we have handled your Personal Information  including any request for access or correction of your Personal Information  you can make a complaint to us via the below contact details. We will consider your complaint and determine whether it requires further investigation. We will notify you of the outcome of this determination and/or any subsequent internal investigation. If you remain unsatisfied with the way in which we have handled a privacy issue  you may raise this with the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner ( www.oaic.gov.au ). Contacting ClassPass If you have any questions  comments  or concerns about this Privacy Policy  please contact us at: ClassPass P.O. Box 20103 Greeley Sq Station New York  NY 10001 Or contact us here . Last updated: April 18  2019 Company About us Why studio fitness Gifts Careers Press ClassPass Go Corporate Memberships Support Contact Us Help Center Language English (United States) Partners Become a Partner Integration API Docs After Class Blog Community Blog Top 10 Lists Enjoy fitness on the go Facebook Twitter Instagram Pinterest Spotify Tumblr Terms of Use Privacy Policy Cookies & ads Accessibility