    RoboBot Studio - Your fun is our goal!   PRIVACY POLICY FOR APPS   This privacy policy governs your use of this software applications (Application) for mobile devices  PC and tablets that was created by ANDREA TESTA (RoboBot Studio).  Last Updated: April  2018  Protecting your privacy is really important to us. With this in mind  we're providing this Privacy Policy to explain our practices regarding the collection  use  and disclosure of information that we receive through our apps.  1) PRIVACY POLICY  ANY INFORMATION THAT IS COLLECTED VIA OUR SERVICES IS COVERED BY THE PRIVACY POLICY IN EFFECT AT THE TIME SUCH INFORMATION IS COLLECTED. WE MAY REVISE THIS PRIVACY POLICY FROM TIME TO TIME. IF WE MAKE ANY MATERIAL CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY  INCLUDING ANY CHANGE THAT WE PROPOSE THAT WILL HAVE RETROACTIVE EFFECT  WE'LL NOTIFY YOU OF THOSE CHANGES BY POSTING THEM ON THE APP SITE NEWS SECTION  AND WE'LL UPDATE THE 'LAST UPDATED DATE' ABOVE TO INDICATE WHEN THOSE CHANGES WERE MADE.  2) INFORMATION AND DATA WE COLLECT FROM YOU  The Application obtains the information you provide when you download the Application for Ads purpose and analytics usage. Additional informations are required in order to create an account. Account Registration with us is optional and only available in some apps.  2.1 Technical Information And Data   We collect technical data necessary for you to use our App and additional technical data that enables us to maintain and analyze the functioning of the App  to personalize the content of the App  and to display advertisements. We automatically obtain certain information about your computing device  including: - Country code; - IDFAs  IDFVs  Advertising IDs; - Language; Locale (specific location where a given language is spoken); - Time zone  session start/stop time  - Network status (WiFi  etc.)  browser plug-in types and versions; - User agent string (UA)  platform  SDK version  timestamp; - Technical device information (e.g. device model and name  operating system name and version  CPU information  storage size  screen size  firmware  software  mobile phone carrier  Internet service provider  API key identifier for application  International Mobile Equipment Identity (IMEI) on Android  Android ID  Android Serial No);  2.2) Advertising And Application Usage Information And Data When you use our Apps  we may collect additional information by using device identifiers that permit identification of your device. Such information is used for advertising and analytics purposes. The information collected includes: - Which advertisements are shown; - Length of time an advertisement is visible and the size of the advertisement; - Advertisement response (if any)  including clicks on ads; - Angle of view; - Application usage information  (how often you use the app  for how long you use the app  the events that occur within the app  in-app location  in-app purchases you make and their value  aggregated usage  performance data  life time value of user etc.).  2.3) Personal Information We do not collect any personal information about you through our Apps  with the sole exception of persistent identifiers (such as IDFA  IDFV  Advertising ID). Persistent identifiers are identifiers that do not identify you personally  but may uniquely identify your device. Some legislation (such as US) may treat such information that uniquely identifies your device as personal information. We may ask you to submit and we may process other non-personally identifiable information that may be personal to you such as your nickname  age range  year of birth and gender. We will use such information only to personalize the content of the App. This information is not stored in our information systems nor shared with third parties.  2.3.1) Account Registration (Optional)  Account Registration with us is optional. However  please keep in mind that you may not be able to use some of the features offered by the Application unless you register with us. When you register an account with us and use the Application  you generally provide (a) your name or nickname  email address or username  password. We do not share this information with anyone and we do not use your email for any commercial  marketing or other purposes. The account is mainly used to allow you to synchronize purchases made  or upgrades earned while using our apps  in your different devices where you may want to use the app. As already mentioned  the account is optional. Unused accounts are deleted after two years. If you wish to cancel your account immediately  you need to log off within the app and send us an email to info@robobotstudio.com. Your account will be deleted as soon as possible. Once your account has been deleted  you will get an email which warn you about it. You will not get any other email from us and your email will be deleted from our systems.  2.3.2) Face detection feature  In some of our apps  like 'AgeBot: How old am I'  users can upload a photo inside the app to discover an estimation of their age. Face detection functionality is offered using Microsoft Cognitive Services. We do not save in our system users faces photos or share it with others. You can read more about Microsoft Cognitive Services here: Microsoft Cognitive Services Info  2.3.3) Cookies App Site  We do not use cookies in our app sites.  3) HOW WE MAY SHARE YOUR INFORMATION TO THIRD PARTIES We cannot provide all services necessary for the successful operation of the Apps by ourselves. We must therefore share collected information with third parties  including analytics providers  tracking providers  third party advertising providers and other third party service providers that support the Apps (collectively referred to as 'Partners'). We may share information that can be used to personally identify your device (e.g. persistent identifiers such as IDFA  IDFV  advertising ID and IP address) for the purposes of delivering our services  displaying advertisements  conducting analysis and research and for measuring our and our Partners's advertising campaign performance. We may share such information to: - OUR ANALYTICS PROVIDERS: For some Apps we use third party analytics such as Flurry Analytics  HockeyApp and Firebase Analytics for the purposes of delivering our services  conducting analysis and research. To get more information about how your data is being collected and processed you can visit the site 'How Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps' located at www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/. Additionally we have also integrated Google Play Developer Console data like Impressions  Downloads  and Traffic Sources into a Google Analytics account to see how many times people viewed or downloaded our apps from Google Play. The device data we share with such providers are encoded. The providers may assign a random ID to these data and they are not able to match it back to You. Third party analytics providers have the right to process the data in accordance with their privacy policies (http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/#nosharing) and such collection and processing is limited to the disclosure in aggregated manner  for the purposes of showing trends about the use of their services  for advertising services and marketing purposes. We can aggregate the data for benchmarking feature. - OUR CLOUD SERVICE PROVIDERS: We store information we collect from you on servers provided by our third party cloud service providers such as Microsoft Azure Mobile Services; - THIRD PARTY ADVERTISING PARTNERS:  We have contracted with certain third party advertising networks that assist us in delivering advertising to you that allows us to continue offering the Apps for free or at low cost. Please see more in Advertising Section of this Privacy Policy. We reserve the right to disclose your information (including personally identifiable information) in response to law  legal process  litigation  and/or requests from public and governmental authorities within or outside your country of residence. We may also disclose information about you if we determine that for purposes of national security  law enforcement  or other issues of public importance  disclosure is necessary or appropriate. We may also disclose information about you if we determine that disclosure is reasonably necessary to enforce our terms and conditions or to protect our operations  users or user experience. Additionally  in the event of a reorganization  merger or sale we may transfer any and all information (including personally identifiable information) we collect to the relevant third party. For any additional questions about third party information collection please refer to info@robobotstudio.com  3.1) HOW OUR PARTNERS MAY USE YOUR INFORMATION We strive to adhere to the generally accepted industry practices regarding the collection and the usage of information by our Partners and to limit their usage to the services they provide for us. They adhere to this Privacy Policy  but in some cases we must use their privacy policies.     We strive to commit our Partners to using the information solely for the purposes as stated in this Privacy Policy. Notwithstanding the above  we cannot guarantee that our Partners will adhere to the contractual obligations or acceptable business practices. While we strive to protect the information provided to our Partners  we have no direct control over their use of the collected information and therefore you acknowledge that we are not liable for any third party privacy breach and that our liability for our Partner breaches is limited to the amount we are able to receive as indemnification from our Partners (legal costs exempted).  4) ADVERTISING When you use our Apps we may display contextual advertisements to you. In order to enable advertising we allow our advertising partners to collect online identifiers (such as Advertising ID on Android and IDFA on iOS) that might be considered as personal information under some legislations  but they should use it solely for the purposes of contextual advertising. For any other purposes they should use the information solely on anonymized and aggregated basis.     For some territories  we may use and share with our advertising partners technical and advertising and application usage information we collect from you (please see Information and Data We Collect From You Section of this Privacy Policy) in order to enable our advertising partner to deliver  target and optimize third party advertising in our Apps  so that the advertisements you see are more relevant to you and are based on your app and device usage  online behavior and interests (this is commonly referred to as online behavioral or interest based advertising  i.e. IBA). In addition  we may use and share such information with our advertising partners in order to target and optimize our advertising and promotions in our and other publisher's apps.     We will always follow applicable legislation and accepted market practices  thus we will not use and share information for the purposes of behavioral advertising for users who did not pass the age gate in our Apps and for those who opted-out of IBA. For more information on behavioral advertising and our IBA providers please see Interest-Based Ads Section of this Privacy Policy. For opting out from sharing your information and data for the purposes of behavioral advertising please visit Opt-Out Section of this Privacy Policy.  5) OPT-OUT You are always free to opt out from the future collection of your device information or personal information used to register an account by RoboBot Studio (Andrea Test apps) in accordance with this Privacy Policy by uninstalling all the Apps from each of your computing devices or using one of the available OPT-OUT options.  5.1) Account OPT-OUT As already mentioned  register an account is optional. Unused accounts are deleted after two years. If you wish to cancel your account immediatly  you need to log off within the app and send us an email to info@robobotstudio.com. Your account will be deleted as soon as possible.  5.2) Opting Out From Analytics  5.2.1) Flurry Analytics  We use Flurry Analytics in Android and iOS apps. You can opt-out from flurry analytics at this address or uninstalling the app: Flurry Analytics Opt out  5.2.2) HockeyApp  We use HockeyApp in Windows 10 apps. HockeyApp do not track personal information for analytic usage. HockeyApp does not collect any Personal Identifiable Information (PII) on their servers. You can read more here:  HockeyApp Policy  5.3) Opt out of seeing personalized ads   5.3.1) Admob  You can opt out of seeing personalized ads where used following instructions and this address:  AdMob Opt out personalized ads   6) IN-APP PURCHASES Our Apps enable in-app purchases. We do not process payments for in-app purchases nor have access to your credit card information. Payment transactions for in-app purchases are completed through the app store via your app store account. Any post-purchase processes are controlled by the app store and are subject to specific terms of such app store.  7) DELETION OF INFORMATION When information is no longer needed  we shall delete it using reasonable measures to protect the information from unauthorized access or use. 8) CHILDREN We do not use the Application to knowingly solicit data from or market to children under the age of 13. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with information without their consent  he or she should contact us at info@robobotstudio.com. We will delete such information from our files within a reasonable time. 9) SECURITY We are concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. We provide physical  electronic  and procedural safeguards to protect information we process and maintain. For example  we limit access to this information to authorized employees and contractors who need to know that information in order to operate  develop or improve our Application. Please be aware that  although we endeavor provide reasonable security for information we process and maintain  no security system can prevent all potential security breaches. 10) CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY We will occasionally update this Privacy Policy as necessary to protect our users  furnish current information  and respond to legal and technical changes. The most current version of the Privacy Policy will govern our use of your information and will be available at  http://www.robobotstudio.com/privacy-policy-apps.html /.     Should you request so by informing us on info@robobotstudio.com  we will send you all the updates of this Privacy Policy to your e-mail. We will also inform you about any material updates of our Privacy Policy with an in-app banner and a link. 11) PRIVACY QUESTIONS If you have questions or concerns about RoboBot Studio (alias Andrea Testa) Privacy Policy or information processing  please contact us through info@robobotstudio.com RoboBot Studio (Andrea Testa) Privacy Policy   updated on April 2018. 