 Privacy Policy     Acknowledgement and Acceptance of Terms  1st Phorm is committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy     Statement sets forth our current privacy practices with regard to the information we collect when you or     your computer interact with our website. By accessing www.1stphorm.com  you acknowledge and fully understand     1st Phorm’ Privacy Statement and freely consent to the information collection and use practices described in     this Website Privacy Statement.  Participating Merchant Policies  Related services and offerings with links from this website  including     vendor sites  have their own privacy statements that can be viewed by clicking on the corresponding links     within each respective website. Online merchants and others who participate in 1st Phorm services are     encouraged to participate in industry privacy initiatives and to take a responsible attitude towards     consumer privacy. However  since we do not have direct control over the policies or practices of     participating merchants and other third parties  we are not responsible for the privacy practices or     contents of those sites. We recommend and encourage that you always review the privacy policies of merchants     and other third parties before you provide any personal information or complete any transaction with such     parties.  Information We Collect And How We Use It  1st Phorm collects certain information from and about its users     three ways: directly from our Web Server logs  the user  and with Cookies.  Web Server Logs  When you visit our Website  we may track information to administer the site and analyze its     usage. Examples of information we may track include:   Your Internet protocol address.  The kind of browser or computer you use.  Number of links you click within the site.  State or country from which you accessed the site.  Date and time of your visit.  Name of your Internet service provider.  Web page you linked to our site from.  Pages you viewed on the site.  Use Of Web Beacons Or Gif Files   1st Phorm Web pages may contain electronic images known as Web beacons – sometimes also called single-pixel     gifs – that allow 1st Phorm to count users who have visited those pages and to deliver co-branded services.     1st Phorm may include Web beacons in promotional e-mail messages or newsletters in order to determine     whether messages have been opened and acted upon. Some of these Web beacons may be placed by third party     service providers to help determine the effectiveness of our advertising campaigns or email communications.     These Web beacons may be used by these service providers to place a persistent cookie on your computer. This     allows the service provider to recognize your computer each time you visit certain pages or emails and     compile anonymous information in relation to those page views  which in turn enables us and our service     providers to learn which advertisements and emails bring you to our website and how you use the site. 1st     Phorm prohibits Web beacons from being used to collect or access your personal information.  Changes To This Statement  1st Phorm has the discretion to occasionally update this privacy statement. When     we do  we will also revise the “updated” date at the top of this Privacy page. We encourage you to     periodically review this privacy statement to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal     information we collect. Your continued use of the service constitutes your agreement to this privacy     statement and any updates.  Contacting Us  If you have questions regarding our Privacy Statement  its implementation  failure to adhere     to this Privacy Statement and/or our general practices  please Contact Us or send your comments to:  1st Phorm Attention: Privacy Statement Personnel PO Box 775217 Saint Louis  MO 63177    Our commitment to you   Home  1 st Phorm  Terms & Conditions  Rules & Regulations  Privacy Policy  Help & Support   Copyright ©2019-2020 1 st Phorm  International. All Rights Reserved.  No imagery or logos contained within this site may be used without the express permission of 1st Phorm  International.  