     features    custom branding    Pricing    log in    try it free   features    custom branding    Pricing    log in    try it free     LEGAL PAGES  Terms of Service  Privacy Policy  Data Processing Amendment  Cookie Policy  Security Measures  Sub-Processors  HIPAA Statement  Billing Policy LEGAL Terms of Service Privacy Policy Data Processing Amendment Cookie Policy Security Measures List of Sub-Processors Billing Policy Privacy Policy Updated May 29  2020  This Privacy Policy governs the use of information collected by Nudge  LLC (“Nudge ” the “Company ” “we ” “us ” and “our” which terms shall include affiliates of Nudge  LLC) through the use of the Nudge websites (the “Nudge Sites”)  software applications (the “Nudge Apps”)  and all Nudge products and services (collectively the “Services”) that direct you to this Privacy Policy. Be advised that our processing of data obtained as a result of Nudge Customer and service provider relationships shall be governed by our Data Processing Amendment . We provide this Privacy Policy to let you know what information we collect  how we use it  share it and protect it. Please read the Privacy Policy carefully. BY USING THE NUDGE SITES OR SERVICES  YOU AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE  DO NOT VISIT THE WEBSITES  SET UP AN ACCOUNT OR USE THE SERVICES. Information Gathering and Usage When you register any account with any of the Nudge Apps we may ask for information such as your name and email address. We will also ask you to create a secure password. We will store all of this information. We will not collect your credit card information (but our payment processor will collect your credit card information and that information is subject to our payment processor’s terms  conditions and privacy policies). We use collected information for the following general purposes: products and services provision  billing  identification and authentication  services improvement  contact and research. We do not share your personal information with unrelated third parties unless explicitly approved by you. By using the Nudge Sites or Services you authorize this list of Sub-Processors to process your data . We reserve the right to aggregate and redistribute data entered on the Website in accordance with our Terms of Service . The aggregated data we redistribute will never contain or be attached to Personal Data of any kind. User Accounts and Data Privacy Users of the Nudge Apps can share personal information with other users voluntarily and at their own risk by posting comments in Nudge “Social Groups” or opting into Nudge “Leaderboards”. Please be advised that we do not perform any background searches on our users and that  it is your responsibility to take care when sharing your information by posting in Nudge Communities or joining Nudge Leaderboards. For your security  your Personal Information is not discoverable by any other user until you choose to post a comment in a Social Group or opt-in to a Leaderboard. At no time will Nudge or any employee of Nudge share  sell or otherwise distribute individual user data or personally identifiable information without the prior consent of the individual user. We may choose to aggregate and redistribute data without providing information identifying specific subscribing organizations  companies or individual users without prior consent. Sharing You Data With A Nudge Coach A “Nudge Coach” is an authorized Representative of a Customer of Nudge who provides services on behalf of that organization. If you accept an invitation to connect with a Nudge Coach  you grant them access to all personal and health-related data in your account. This includes data that may be manually entered by you  or data that you choose to sync into the Nudge Apps by enabling one of our integrations. Your data provides Nudge Coaches the up-to-date information they require in order to deliver their services effectively. If you accept an invitation from a Nudge Coach  the Nudge Coach will also be able to send private messages to you. The Nudge Coach has agreed to keep your data and information confidential and not use it for any purpose other than to provide you individualized advice and services  but we cannot provide any assurances that any Nudge Coach will in fact do so. We are not required to litigate or otherwise pursue any wrongful disclosure of your data and information. To the extent that any of your data or information contains protected health information  you hereby expressly consent to the disclosure of such protected health information when you accept an invitation from a Nudge Coach. Use of Contact Information We may use your email address to send you information about our Services or to market to you. You may unsubscribe from these messages by following the instructions contained within the messages  or the instructions on the Nudge Sites. If you email us with a request or question or have provided us with your email address  we may keep your message  email address and contact information to respond to your request or otherwise follow up with you. No Public Sharing of Your Data We do not allow the public to see your personal information. Log Data and Links When you visit our Website  our servers automatically record information (Log Data) created by your visit to  and use of the Nudge Sites and the Services. Log Data may include information such as your IP address  browser type  the referring domain  pages visited and order of visit  search terms used and other historical data. We may keep track of how you interact with links across the Nudge Sites and the Services. We do this to help improve our Website and the Services  including the advertising on our Website and through our Services. We may share the Log Data in the form of aggregate click statistics  such as how many times a particular link was clicked on  without any personally identifiable information  with third parties. Device Information In addition to Log Data  we may also collect information about the device you are using when accessing the Products  including what type of device it is  what operating system you are using  device settings  unique device identifiers  and crash data. Whether we collect some or all of this information often depends on what type of device you are using and its settings. To learn more about what information your device makes available to us  please also check the policies of your device manufacturer or software provider. Cookies A cookie is a small amount of data  which often includes an anonymous unique identifier that is sent to your browser from a web site's computers and stored on your computer's hard drive. Cookies are required in order for you to use Nudge products or services. We use cookies in accordance with this Cookie Policy . Data Storage We use third party vendors and hosting partners to provide the necessary hardware  software  networking  storage  and related technology required to run our services. We do not transfer ownership of any code  databases  Website rights or data to any third party vendors or hosting partners. Third Party Services (Subprocessors) We may use a variety of services offered by third parties to help maintain and improve our Website  to help us understand the use of our Website and Services  or simply to provide the Services. These services may store both personally identifiable information about you which we collect and the information sent by your browser as part of a web page request  such as cookies or your IP address. If any third parties are given access to your personally identifiable information  we will limit the use of such personally identifiable information only to provide the services to us which we have requested. Visit our list of third party services that may process your data. Minimum Age 16 Neither the Nudge Sites nor the Services are directed to people under the age of 16. If you become aware that your child has provided personally identifiable information  please contact us at support@nudgecoach.com. We do not knowingly permit children under 16 to use our Website or Services or collect personally identifiable information from children under 16. If we become aware that a child under 16 has provided us with personally identifiable information  we will take steps to remove such information and terminate the child's account. Information Security and Data Integrity We take reasonable security measures to protect against unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration  disclosure or destruction of data. These include firewalls and encryption  internal reviews of our data collection  storage and processing practices and security measures  as well as physical security measures to guard against unauthorized access to systems. Our software code and all data and information reside on servers that comply with the requirements of the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA) and the General Data Protection Act (GDPR). In addition  our software code resides on one set of servers and all data and information reside on a separate set of servers. We restrict access to personal information to our employees  contractors and agents who need to know that information in order to operate  develop or improve our Services. These individuals are bound by confidentiality obligations and may be subject to discipline  including termination  if they fail to meet these obligations. Although we cannot guarantee that our security will not be penetrated or compromised or that your information will remain secure under all circumstances  we do commit to adhering to these established Security Measures at all times in order to reduce the risk of breach or incident. Data Retention How long we retain your Personal Data depends on the type of data and the purpose for which we process the data. We will retain your Personal Information for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Notice unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law. Right To Access  Amend & Delete Personal Data / Choice You retain the right to access  amend  correct or delete your Personal Data at any time. To do so  use the controls available to you within our Services  or contact our support team via email. You may request to cancel your account at any time. Keep in mind  however  that even if you request to cancel your account  we may retain your personal information in conformance with our data retention policy  under which we may retain such information to comply with laws such as HIPAA  prevent fraud  resolve disputes  troubleshoot problems  assist with any investigations  enforce our Terms of Service  perform research  and take other actions otherwise permitted by law. There may be residual personal information that remains within our databases  access logs  and other records. In addition  we are not responsible for updating or removing your personal information already disclosed to third parties who have been provided information as permitted by this Privacy Policy. We will provide an individual opt-out choice  or opt-in for sensitive data  before we share your data with third parties other than our agents  or before we use it for a purpose other than which it was originally collected or subsequently authorized.  To request to limit the use and disclosure of your personal information  please submit a written request to support@nudgecoach.com . Transfer of Information on Sale and for Legal Compliance Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Privacy Policy: (a) upon a sale of Nudge or all or substantially all of its assets  we reserve the right to transfer to the purchaser of Nudge all data it has  including without limitation all Log Data and all personally identifiable data concerning you and any user of the Nudge Sites and the Services and (b) we will share your personal information if we have a good faith belief that: (i) access  use  preservation or disclosure of such information is reasonably necessary to satisfy any applicable law  regulation  legal process  such as a court order or subpoena  or a request by law enforcement or governmental authorities  (ii) such action is appropriate (A) to enforce the Terms of Service  including any investigation of potential violations thereof  or (B) to detect  prevent  or otherwise address fraud  security or technical issues associated with the Nudge Sites and the Services  or (iii) such action is appropriate to protect the rights  property or safety of Nudge  its employees  users of the Nudge Sites and the Services. International Data Transfers The Website and Services are hosted in the United States. If you access the Nudge Sites or Services from the European Union  Asia  or any other region with laws or regulations governing personal data collection  use  and disclosure that differ from United States laws  please be advised that through your continued use of the Nudge Sites or Services  you are transferring your personal information to the United States and you consent to that transfer  as well as to these authorized Subprocessors which may be located elsewhere in the world. Additionally  you understand that your personal information may be processed in countries (including the United States) where laws regarding processing personal information may be less stringent than in your country. EU-US Privacy Shield Nudge complies with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection  use  and retention of personal information transferred from the European Union to the United States. Nudge has certified to the Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles. If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the Privacy Shield Principles  the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Privacy Shield program  and to view our certification  please visit https://www.privacyshield.gov . With respect to personal data received or transferred pursuant to the Privacy Shield Frameworks  Nudge is subject to the regulatory and enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. In certain situations  we may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities  including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements. Nudge’s accountability for personal data that it receives in the United States under the Privacy Shield and subsequently transfers to a third party is described in the Privacy Shield Principles. In particular  Nudge remains responsible and liable under the Privacy Shield Principles if third-party agents that it engages to process the personal data on its behalf do so in a manner inconsistent with the Principles  unless Nudge proves that it is not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage. Complaint Resolution In compliance with the Privacy Shield Principles  (your organization name) commits to resolve complaints about our collection or use of your personal information.  EU individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our Privacy Shield policy should first contact Nudge at: support@nudgecoach.com . Nudge has further committed to refer unresolved Privacy Shield complaints to BBB EU Privacy Shield  an alternative dispute resolution provider located in the United States. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint from us  or if we have not addressed your complaint to your satisfaction  please contact or visit www.bbb.org/EU-privacy-shield/for-eu-consumers/ for more information or to file a complaint.  The services of BBB EU Privacy Shield are provided at no cost to you. If your Privacy Shield complaint cannot be resolved through the above channels  under certain conditions  you may invoke binding arbitration for some residual claims not resolved by other redress mechanisms.  See Privacy Shield Annex 1 at https://www.privacyshield.gov/article?id=ANNEX-I-introduction . General Terms We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy from time to time at our sole discretion. Any such change  update or modification will be effective immediately upon posting the revised Privacy Policy on the Nudge Sites. We will provide no other notice to you. It is your responsibility to review this page from time to time to ensure that you continue to agree with all of its terms. If you no longer agree to this Privacy Policy after a change  you must cease using the Nudge Sites and the Services. This Privacy Policy shall be governed by the laws of the Commonwealth of Virginia  USA without respect to its conflict of laws principles. Our failure to exercise or enforce any right or provision of this Privacy Policy shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. This Privacy Policy is hereby incorporated into the Terms of Service . You may not assign this Privacy Policy to any party. If any provision of this Privacy Policy is deemed invalid  then that provision will be limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary  and the remaining provisions of this Privacy Policy will remain in full force and effect. Questions Any questions regarding this Privacy Policy should be sent to support@nudgecoach.com   or by mail to: Attn: Privacy Officer Nudge  LLC 1717 E Cary St Richmond  VA 23223  Follow us  Nudge 1717 East Cary StRichmond  Virginia 23223 Learn  Blog  Podcast  Webinars Apps  Nudge for clients.  Nudge for coaches. Contact us  Get in touch Platform  Pricing  Demo  Integrations  Customer support Legal  Terms  Privacy  Billing  HIPAA  Back to Top  Nudge  1717 East Cary Street  Richmond  VA  23223  United States (423) 521-1969 learn@nudgecoach.com  © 2020 Nudge      