  Privacy Policy  DespDev built the 30 Day Fitness Challenge app as an Ad Supported app. This SERVICE is provided by DespDev at no cost and is intended for use as is.  This page is used to inform website visitors regarding our policies with the collection  use  and     disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Service.  If you choose to use our Service  then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation     to this policy. The Personal Information that we collect is used for providing and improving the     Service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described     in this Privacy Policy.  The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions  which is accessible     at 30 Day Fitness Challenge unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.  Information Collection and Use  For a better experience  while using our Service  we may require you to provide us with certain     personally identifiable information  including but not limited to  cookies  mobile identifiers. The information that we request is will be retained by us and used as described in this privacy policy.  The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you.  Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app  Google Play Services  AdMob  Firebase Analytics   Crashlytics Fabric  Log Data  We want to inform you that whenever you use our Service  in a case of an     error in the app we collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone     called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address      device name  operating system version  the configuration of the app when utilizing our Service      the time and date of your use of the Service  and other statistics.       We use Crashlytics to report to us when the app crashes so that we can fix these crashes as soon as possible. We don't send any information to Crashlytics  but they may collect information via their SDK. Cookies  Cookies are files with small amount of data that is commonly used as anonymous unique identifier of your mobile device. This Service uses cookies to deliver personalized ads and to allow for frequency capping  aggregated ad reporting  and to combat fraud and abuse.  These     are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device's internal memory.       This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However  the app may use third party code and libraries     that use “cookies” to collect information and improve their services.  Ads  This Service uses mobile ad identifiers to show personalized ads. We share such identifiers with advertising partners – ad technology providers. You can see the full list of ad technology providers here. By accepting this Privacy Policy you consent to the use of the mobile ad identifiers used in this Service.       We hope you enjoy this free Service and your personalized ad experience. If you ever change your mind  you can withdraw your consent by purchasing this Service version without ads. This can be done in the application settings.  Analytics  We use third party analytics tool  Firebase Analytics  to help us measure traffic and usage trends for the service. Firebase Analytics collects information such as how often users visit our services  what pages they visit when they do so  and what other pages they use prior to coming to our services. We use the information get from Firebase Analytics only to improve our services.  Service Providers  We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:  To facilitate our Service;  To provide the Service on our behalf;  To perform Service-related services;  To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.  We want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to your     Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However  they     are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.  Security  We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information  thus we are striving     to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over     the internet  or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable  and we cannot guarantee     its absolute security.  Links to Other Sites  This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link  you will be directed     to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore  we strongly     advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over     and assume no responsibility for the content  privacy policies  or practices of any third-party sites     or services.  Children’s Privacy  These Services do not address anyone under the age of 16. We do not knowingly collect     personally identifiable information from children under 16. In the case we discover that a child     under 16 has provided us with personal information  we immediately delete this from     our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal     information  please contact us so that we will be able to do necessary actions.  Changes to This Privacy Policy  We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus  you are advised to review     this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting     the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on     this page.  Contact Us  If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy  do not hesitate to contact     us at despdevs@gmail.com 