    Privacy policy Protecting your privacy is important to us. We hope the following statement will help you understand how “FitzeeeRun” app deals with the personal identifiable information ('PII') you may occasionally provide to us via Internet (the Google Play Platform).  Generally  we do not collect any PII from you when you download our Android applications. To be specific  we do not require the consumers to get registered before downloading the application  nor do we keep track of the consumers' visits of our application  we even don't have a Server to store such PII.    Information we collect    Analytics - We use third party analytics tool  Google Analytics  to help us measure traffic and usage trends for the service. Google Analytics collects information such as how often users visit our services  what pages they visit when they do so  and what other pages they use prior to coming to our services. We use the information get from Google Analytics only to improve our services.  Firebase Analytics - application uses Firebase Analytics to anonymously track and report the user's activity within application (https://www.firebase.com/terms/privacy-policy.html)    Google advertising ID usage  Our app can read the Google's advertising ID for your device. Advertising ID is a code which uniquely represents an Android device  and doesn't need special permissions to be read. It does not reveal any personal information nor identity  and it can be changed. Google Advertising ID or other unique identifier is used by ad networks to collect anonymous traffic data and serve personalized ads.    How we use your information  In above situation  we guarantee that your PII will only be used for contacting you and improving our services. We will never use such information (e.g. your name and email address) for any other purposes  such as to further market our products  or to disclose your personal information to a third party for commercial gains.  Contact us  It should be noted that whether or not to send us your feedback or bug report is a completely voluntary initiative upon your own decision. If you have concern about your PII being misused  or if you want further information about our privacy policy and what it means  please feel free to email us at info@fitzeee.com  we will endeavor to provide clear answers to your questions in a timely manner.  