    Privacy Policy  Last updated June 16  2020  This Privacy Policy is aimed to inform you (“You”) as a user of WalkFit     (“WalkFit”  “Application”  “Service”) about the information Mobilious Limited (“we”  “us”  “our”)      with registered office at Florinis  7  Greg Tower  2nd floor  1065  Nicosia  Cyprus  as the     Application developer  collects  how that information may be used  with whom it may be shared  and     Your options about such use and disclosure. This Privacy Policy is incorporated into  and is subject     to  the Application’s Terms of Use . We shall not collect  use or share Your information except as     described in this Privacy Policy. By choosing to use our Service You explicitly: (I) agree to the collection and use of     information in relation to this policy  (II) warrant and guarantee that You are over 16 years of     age (or are a parent or guardian with such authority to agree to this Privacy Policy for the     benefit of an individual under 16 years of age). Please do not use the Application or access the     services provided by it if You do not agree to this Privacy Policy.  What kind of information do we collect?  We may collect information that can identify You (“Personal     Information”)  and other information that does not identify You  as listed below.   Information You provide    age  gender  height  weight  target weight  fitness level and Your goals for using the Service. We may collect and store the abovementioned information when You provide it to us in order to use the Service or in some other manner  for example by corresponding with us (by email or chat  for instance) when You report a problem with the Service or when You subscribe to any of our services  or search for a service.    Note: Information about a third party   When You provide us with information about a third party  You must have the consent of that     third party     before providing us with that information. By providing us with information regarding a third     party You     warrant that You have their permission to provide that information to us.   Information collected automatically    Device and Usage Information that may include information specific to Your mobile device     (e.g.      model  operating system  mobile device id (similar to a website IP address); information     about Your     logging in  use of features  functions  or notifications on the device. We also collect and     use Your     Apple Identifier for Advertising (IDFA) and Google Advertising ID (AAID) to recognize Your     device     and support advertising activities on our Services. These number values are not permanently     tied to     Your device and  depending on Your operating system  You can reset it through Your device     settings.  Cookies. A cookie is a small amount of data stored on Your device used as an anonymous     unique     identifier. Please note that cookies commonly do not contain personal information. This     Service does     not use these cookies explicitly.   What do we collect this information for?   enhancing Your user experience on our Service by operating  maintaining  and providing You     with all     of the content and features of the Services;  managing Your account and providing You with customer support. We may use Your Personal     Information     to respond to Your requests for technical support  Service information or to any other     communication     You initiate (“customer support purposes”);  performing research and analysis about Your use of  or interest in  our products  services     or     content  or products  services or content offered by others (“analytics purposes”);  communicating with You via email  push notifications and/or through other digital methods     about     products or services that may be of interest to You either from us or other third parties.     You can     opt out of receiving push notifications by changing the settings on Your device;  developing and providing content and advertising tailored to Your interests on our Service     and other     third party services (“marketing purposes”);  detecting and resolving any fraud or other illegal or undesirable user behavior;  taking other legally-required actions.   With whom do we share this information and how may we disclose it?   Service Providers   We may share Your Personal Information with third parties that perform certain services on our     behalf      such as our authorized service providers or analytics providers. In general  the third-party     providers     engaged by us will only collect  use and disclose Your information to the extent necessary to     allow them     to perform the services they provide to us  e.g. facilitating our Service and analyzing how our     Service     is used. Please note that they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any     other     purpose.  Hereunder You can find more detailed list of some third parties - service providers with whom we     may     share Your Personal Information as described above  along with links to such service providers     privacy     policies  which we recommend You read:  1) AppsFlyer  We use AppsFlyer for analytics and marketing purposes as described herein above.  As for analytics purposes  Appsflyer helps us to understand  in particular  how users find our     App (for     example  which advertiser had delivered an ad that led You to our App in App store). Appsflyer     also     provides us with different analytics tools that enable us to research and analyze Your use of     the     Service.  As for marketing purposes  Appsflyer helps us to tailor our and third parties ads to Your     interests and     show the relevant ads to You.  In order to receive those services from Appsflyer  we share such data as:   device type and model  CPU  system language  memory  OS version  Wi-Fi status  time stamp     and zone      device motion parameters and carrier (“Technical Information”);  IP address (which may also provide general location information)  User agent  IDFA (Apple     identifier     for advertisers)  Google Advertiser ID and other similar unique identifiers (“Technical     Identifiers”);  information relating to our ad campaigns and Your actions in the App  such as: clicks on the     ads  ad     impressions viewed  the URL from the referring website  downloads and installations of     Applications      and other interactions  events and actions  such as add to cart  in-app purchases made      clicks      engagement time etc. (“Engagement Information”).   Please read AppsFlyer privacy policy regarding its collection and use of data in order to     perform     services for us  available at https://www.appsflyer.com/services-privacy-policy       to acknowledge how     AppsFlyer operates Your Personal Information. Please note that You may cancel collection of Your     Personal Information for and sharing it with AppsFlyer using this link: https://www.appsflyer.com/optout .  2) Amazon Web Services  We use Amazon Web Services (“AWS”)  which is a hosting and backend service provided by Amazon      for personal data hosting and enabling our Application to operate and be distributed to its     users.  You can learn more about the Amazon Privacy Policy here: AWS Privacy Notice and Data Privacy FAQ .  3) Amplitude  We use Amplitude for analytics and customer support purposes as described herein above.  As for analytics purposes  Amplitude helps us to understand  in particular  how users find our     App (for     example  which advertiser had delivered an ad that led You to our App in App store). Amplitude     also     provides us with different analytics tools that enable us to research and analyze Your use of     the     Service.     As for customer support purposes  Amplitude helps us to respond to Your requests for technical     support.     For example  it enables us to track Your interaction with our App and in order to detect     particular     technical issues with our Ap  In order to receive those services from Amplitude  we share such data as:   age  gender  email  locale  referral source  plan type (“user related information”);  Platform  device type  device family  country  city  region  carrier  OS  language  IP     Address     (“technical information”);  Your interaction with the App (i.e. taps on the particular screens).   4) Firebase  Firebase is an analytics service provided by Google  which helps us understand our audience     best  analyze  customize and improve our Application for You.  With the Firebase help we can collect and analyze the following information regarding Your     activity on our Application:   Application crashes;  Users retention;  Users quantity (active users; daily users; monthly users);  Users’ in-app purchases;  Audience information (location; device; demographics; interests);  Users engagement (per session).   We also use Firebase Remote Config feature to track and analyze our Application users behavior      for instance  how they react to changes of the App structure  text or any other component.     Firebase Remote Config is an A/B testing and configuration service provided by Google  which     also enables us to tailor the content that our Application users see.  You can learn more about the Google Privacy Policy here: https://policies.google.com/privacy      Google use of data here: https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites  Firebase     Privacy Policy here: https://firebase.google.com/terms/data-processing-terms/ and here:     https://firebase.google.com/support/privacy/.  5) Amazon Mobile Analytics  We use Amazon Mobile Analytics  which is an Amazon service for collecting  visualizing and     understanding app usage data at scale  to learn and analyse how our App is being used.  With the Amazon Mobile Analytics help we can collect and analyse the following information     regarding our Application:   General – monthly active users; daily active users; new users; daily sessions; sticky     factor; 1-day retention; average revenue per daily active user; daily paying users; average     revenue per paid daily active user;  Active users – tracking how many users engage with our App daily and monthly and to monitor     their stickiness to improve engagement  appeal and monetization;  Sessions – tracking how often our App is used on a given day and how often each user opens     our App during a day;  Retention – tracking the rate at which users come back to our App on a daily and weekly     basis;  Revenue – tracking in-app revenue trends to identify areas for monetization improvement.   In order to receive these services from Amazon Mobile Analytics  we share such data as:   Daily active users  monthly active users and new users;  Sticky factor (daily active users divided by monthly active users);  Session count and average sessions per daily user;  Average revenue per daily active user and average revenue per paid daily active user;  Day 1  3 and 7 retention and week 1  3 and 7 retention.   You can learn more about the Amazon Privacy Policy here: https://aws.amazon.com/privacy/.  We may also share Your Personal Information with the Apple HealthKit application installed on     Your     device  provided You expressly gave a permission for that in the Apple HealthKit App. Personal     Information may be shared only to the extent required by the Apple HealthKit App  so for more     information on it please see http://www.apple.com/ios/health/.  However  certain third-party service providers  such as payment gateways and other payment     transaction     processors  have their own privacy policies with respect to the information we are required to     provide     to them for Your purchase-related transactions. For these providers  we recommend that You read     their     privacy policies  so that You can understand the manner in which Your Personal Information will     be     handled by these providers. For example  Apple and Google may be two such third-party companies     that     provide payments and they can be contacted through their websites: https://www.apple.com and     https://play.google.com.  Information Disclosure   We may disclose the following information:   age  gender  email  locale  referral source  plan type (“user related information”);  Platform  device type  device family  country  city  region  carrier  OS  language  IP     Address     (“technical information”);  Your interaction with the App (i.e. taps on the particular screens).   We may disclose information:   in response to a subpoena or similar investigative demand  a court order  or a request for     cooperation from law enforcement or other government agency; to establish or exercise our     legal rights; to defend against legal claims; or as otherwise required by law. In such     cases  we may raise or waive any legal objection or right available to us.  when we believe disclosure is appropriate in connection with efforts to investigate      prevent  or take other action regarding illegal activity  suspected fraud or other     wrongdoing; to protect and defend the rights  property or safety of our company  our users      our employees  or others; to comply with applicable law or cooperate with law enforcement;     or to enforce our Service terms or other agreements or policies.  in connection with a substantial corporate transaction  such as the sale of our business  a     divestiture  merger  consolidation  or asset sale  or in the unlikely event of bankruptcy.    Aggregate Data   We may anonymize or aggregate data collected through the Service and use and disclose it for any     purpose.   International Data Transfers   Please note that our business is global  so when You provide Personal Information through our     Service  the information may be sent to servers located in different countries around the world.  If You reside in the European Economic Area  please note that we take all adequate security     measures to     provide suitable safeguards due to data transfer to third countries. Our sub-processors located     in such     countries are also bound by respective data transfer agreements between them and us to provide     all     available legal security measures in regard to data privacy. Should You have questions     concerning data     transfer to third countries please contact us at support@walkfit.pro .     Subject to applicable law  we may charge for this service and will respond to reasonable     requests as     soon as practicable  and in any event  within the time limits prescribed by law.  HOW YOU CAN ACCESS YOUR INFORMATION  If You would like to update or correct any information that You have provided to us through Your     use of     the Service  You may use the Service to do so. If You need help with rectification of data You     think is     inaccurate  please contact us via email at support@walkfit.pro .  You may also change certain Personal Information in Your account by going to the “Settings” menu     or     sending an email request to us at support@walkfit.pro .  You can make a request to erase Your Personal Information through the ‘Settings’ menu of this     Application. Please note that it may affect the Services provided  and You will not be able to     use the     full scope of the Services. When we delete any information  it will be deleted from the active     database      but it may remain in our archives. Should You require the deletion of such Personal Information     from our     archives  please contact us at support@walkfit.pro .     Please note     that we may be required to keep such information in our archives and not delete it (or to keep     this     information for a certain time  in which case we will comply with Your deletion request only     after we     have fulfilled such requirements). Please also note that the erasing of Your Personal     Information does     not mean the automatic cancellation of Your subscription or refund of Your payments.  You can make a request to receive the Personal Information related to You through the ‘Settings’     menu of     this Application. Should You make such a request  You will be required to provide us with an     email     address which we would be able to send Your Personal Information to. Please note that You     confirm and     guarantee that the email address You provide to us in order to receive Your Personal Information     shall     belong to You and You shall be solely responsible for its correctness and validity and therefore     we     shall in any case not be liable for any breach of Your Personal Information due to sending it to     that     email address.  You may object to the processing of Personal Information concerning You for marketing purposes     by     contacting us at support@walkfit.pro and the related Personal Information shall no longer be     processed     for such purposes.  Opting-out via Your device  You can opt-out from personalized advertisement experience at any time by checking the privacy     settings of your Android or iOS device.  For Apple Devices:    1. Open Settings.  2. Select Privacy.  3. Select Advertising and enable Limit Ad Tracking .   For Android Devices:    1. Open Settings.  2. Select Google.  3. Select Ads and enable Opt out of Ads Personalization .   When You choose to opt-out  advertising networks will consider this choice as a withdrawal of     consent to personalized advertisement experience and they will show contextual advertisements     and not personalized advertisements based on Your interests.  Please note that You may also opt out from collection of Your data for marketing and advertising     purposes not only via our Application  but also on Your entire device using:   1) Your device settings    iOS : go to “Settings” -> “Privacy” -> “Advertising” -> “Limit Ad Track”. You may     additionally reset Your advertising identifier (this also may help You to see less of     personalized ads) in the same section.   Android : for Android 6.0 and higher – go to “Settings” -> “Google” -> “Ads” -> ”Opt out     of interest-based ads”. For Android 5.2 and lower  use Google Settings app -> “Ads” -> ”Opt out     of interest-based ads”.  You may additionally reset Your advertising identifier (this also may help You to see less of     personalized ads) in the same section for both options mentioned.   2) and links below    Network Advertising Initiative – http://optout.networkadvertising.org/  Digital Advertising Alliance – http://optout.aboutads.info/  Digital Advertising Alliance (Canada) – http://Youradchoices.ca/choices  Digital Advertising Alliance (EU) – http://www.Youronlinechoices.com/  DAA AppChoices page – http://www.aboutads.info/appchoices   Please note that the result of such objection or cancellation may affect the process of the     Services     improvement. However  You would still be able to use the App.  If You think that the Personal Information related to You is inaccurate  but You can’t rectify     it as     described above  You may contact us at support@walkfit.pro to restrict the processing of such     data for     the period of time we need to verify the accuracy of the Personal Information  which we will     inform You     of.  You can stop all collection of information by the Application by uninstalling the Application     from Your     mobile device. You may use the standard uninstall processes as may be available as part of Your     mobile     device or via the Application marketplace or network.  Security  We place great importance on the security of all personally identifiable information associated     with our     users. We have security measures (including physical  electronic and procedural measures) to     help     safeguard Your Personal Information from unauthorized access and disclosure. While we cannot     ensure or     guarantee that loss  misuse or alteration of information will never occur  we make all     reasonable     efforts to prevent it. However  You should bear in mind that submission of information over the     internet     is never entirely secure.  We do not collect and we are not responsible for the collection or security of payment details.  Links to Other Services  There are a number of places on our Service where You may click on a link directing You away     from our     Service to access other applications or websites that do not operate under this Privacy Policy.     These     third-party websites may independently solicit and collect information  including Personal     Information      from You and  in some instances  provide us with information about Your activities on those     websites. We     recommend that You consult the privacy statements of all third-party websites You visit by     clicking on     the “privacy” link typically located at the bottom of the webpage You are visiting.  Children’s Privacy  This Service does not address anyone under the age of 16. We do not knowingly collect personally     identifiable information from children under 16. If we discover that a child under 16 has     provided us     with Personal Information  we shall take steps to delete such information and terminate the     child’s     account. If You are a parent or a guardian and You are aware that Your child has provided us     with     Personal Information  please contact us so that we will be able to take the necessary actions.  Retention  We will retain Your information for as long as the Application is installed on Your mobile     device or as     needed to provide You with our Service. If You remove the Application  we will remove Your     information     and use copies of Your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations  resolve     disputes      and enforce our agreements.  Changes to This Privacy Policy  We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus  You are advised to check our Service     occasionally to inform Yourself of any changes. We will notify You of any changes by posting the     new     Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on     this page.     Your continued use of the Application after changes have been posted to the Privacy Policy will     constitute Your acceptance of such changes.  Contact Us  Please submit any questions  concerns or comments You have about this Privacy Policy or any     requests     concerning Your Personal Information via email to support@walkfit.pro . 