    Skip to main content  Menu - Utility    Book a Class or Appointment     Menu - Main    Products Column Mindbody Software    Booker Software    FitMetrix Performance Tracking    Bowtie Virtual Assistant    Enterprise Management  Solutions Column By BUSINESS TYPE    Fitness    Salon    Spa    Integrative Health    Enterprise   Column BY BUSINESS NEED    Business Management    Client Experience    Marketing    Multi-location Management    Payments  Resources Column BUSINESS EDUCATION    Explore guides  webinars  & more    Choose a learning path    Become certified    Get one-on-one consulting    Consult with your community   Column Blog    Events    Partners    Services    Support    COVID-19  Pricing    Menu - Action    Staff Log In    Get a demo   Breadcrumb    Home    Mindbody Business    Mindbody Software    Branded Apps     Branded Apps    Create your own branded mobile app    With a personalized app  you'll increase your brand exposure  stay connected with your clients  and give them another way to experience your services.    Get a demo   Increased client loyalty A custom mobile app is a powerful way to boost your client retention  engagement  and spending. Plus  with branded apps clients can book  schedule  and access your business directly from their phones. Improved client connection Send push notifications to stay connected with your customers. You can send deals and events announcements  automatic “we miss you” messages  and class cancellation notices. Real-time scheduling Make your brand accessible 24/7—allow your customers to easily manage their schedules from their phones in real time  from wherever they are  whenever they like.  And your schedule updates itself with every booking. Membership management Save time by letting clients manage their memberships themselves. They can check payment balances and classes remaining  manage their spots on waitlists  pre-pay for services  and more—all in the app. Three simple steps to your own branded mobile app We design it We incorporate your logos  colors  and the look and feel of your business into your app. You review the design You provide feedback to ensure your app looks just the way you envision it. Your app in the app stores We help place your app in the app stores and it’s ready for your clients to download. Affordable and functional across all platforms Branded apps are much more affordable than hiring an outside developer to build one for you. Your app will work across iPhone  iPad  and Android platforms. Continuous updates are included. Synced with your VOD content Give clients direct access to your video-on-demand library whenever and wherever they want. VOD is native to your branded app  so they can cast it to their TVs through the app. There’s no setup for you—and an easy-to-use VOD report gives you all the metrics you need to gauge your content performance.  The experience your clients want We're committed to your privacy. Mindbody uses the information you provide to us to contact you about our relevant content  products  and services. You may unsubscribe at any time. View Privacy Policy .  Related business insights and resources   Webinar How to Protect Your Salon or Spa: Clients  Team  and Profits We've brought together a team of experts to share how your business can keep your clients  staff  and profits safe into next year.     Customer Story How Threshold Climbing Puts Community Health First with Reservations Threshold Climbing and Fitness in Oklahoma City  Oklahoma  believes that anyone can climb.     Guide Marketing Suite Playbook for Salons  Spas  and Wellness Businesses Now's the time for salons  spas  and wellness businesses to reengage clients and ensure their brands are top-of-mind. Email marketing to the rescue!…     Explore all resources     Frequently Asked Questions  How will a branded app help me increase bookings and revenue at my business?   With a dedicated branded app  your customers’ experience with your business is easy—they’re one click away from booking and buying your services and products. Mindbody businesses who have branded apps have seen an increase in bookings and sales.  How customized is the app to my business?   Your branded app will be completely designed to match your business colors  logos  and images. Our team collaborates closely with you to make it uniquely yours  and customized to meet your business needs. You can add the navigation tabs you need  such as a section to showcase your promotions  links to social media and your classes  appointment  workshops  or training tabs based on your business offerings.  What are push notifications  and how do I use them?   A push notification is a message that you write and send from your branded app dashboard that will go out to everyone who has your branded app installed and has agreed to receive your messages. The messages appear directly on a user's app home screen. When a customer interacts with the notification  they’re taken directly into your app. We've seen Mindbody businesses use push notifications successfully to promote new classes or services  seasonal promotions  special events and deals and discounts for loyal customers.  How will my customers know about my branded app? Will Mindbody help me market it?   The most effective way for your customers to learn about your branded app is to hear about it directly from you and your staff. We’ll provide you with a unique link you can send to them via SMS text  where customers will be directed to download the app (automated SMS texts are available at the Accelerate and Ultimate software levels).  How long do I have to wait until my branded app is live in the app stores?   Our goal is to get your app published in iTunes and Google Play as soon as your business is ready for the app. That takes close collaboration with you and with our onboarding specialists. We'll need to coordinate design  your business logo  your business images  and anything else we can use to give you a completely branded experience.     Footer    Column    Company    About Us    Careers    Press    Security    Legal    Contact Us  Column    Additional Resources    Partner Store    Become a Partner    Developer Resources    Participate in Research    Manage Email Subscriptions    Staff Log In  Column    Language   Select Language    Deutsch    English (Australia)    English (North America)    English (United Kingdom)    Español    Français   Explore    Mindbody on Instagram    Mindbody on Facebook    Mindbody on Twitter    Mindbody on Youtube    Mindbody on LinkedIn    Mindbody on Pinterest  Contact    US: (877) 755-4279    Canada: (855) 852 0418    All global phone numbers     Menu - Copyright    Privacy Policy and Your Privacy Rights    Terms of Service    Copyright Policy & Claims    Sitemap  Copyright © 2020 MINDBODY  Inc.    MINDBODY Processing is a registered ISO of Wells Fargo Bank  N.A.  Concord  CA .  MINDBODY Processing is a registered ISO/Agent of Elavon  Inc. Georgia     Menu - Main - Mobile    Products Column Mindbody Software    Booker Software    FitMetrix Performance Tracking    Bowtie Virtual Assistant    Enterprise Management  Solutions Column By BUSINESS TYPE    Fitness    Salon    Spa    Integrative Health    Enterprise   Column BY BUSINESS NEED    Business Management    Client Experience    Marketing    Multi-location Management    Payments  Resources Column BUSINESS EDUCATION    Explore guides  webinars  & more    Choose a learning path    Become certified    Get one-on-one consulting    Consult with your community   Column Blog    Events    Partners    Services    Support    COVID-19  Pricing  Menu - Action - Mobile    Staff Log In    Get a demo  Menu - Utility - Mobile    Book a Class or Appointment     