    Privacy Notice and Options Page  Last modified: January 18  2019  Privacy Notice  This Privacy Notice  along with the more detailed Privacy Policy (located at www.happymindapp.com/privacy-policy.html )  and  if applicable  the Privacy Addendum (located at www.happymindapp.com/privacy-addendum.html ) for California or EU users  serves to inform you of our data collection practices in an easy to understand manner. If there is a direct conflict between this page and the Privacy Policy  then this page shall control in a narrowly construed manner.  We do not require  users to register or provide us with any information in order to use  the application.  You  may opt to register using an email and password combination  or with  your Facebook credentials.  If  you have registered with us or subscribed to our premium content   then we will store your email  password  Facebook ID (if  applicable)  subscription status  and your app store receipt for  subscription verification purposes. We do not store any payment  details.  We  do not intentionally collect any user data other than what you  explicitly give to us.  We  do not intentionally share any user data with outside parties.  HealthKit  user data will not be shared with third parties or used for  marketing purposes.  We  store user-selected favorite meditations  information on what  meditations are being played and for how long (in order to provide  you with details about your meditation sessions).  Such information  will only be used internally to determine future content to provide  in the app and will not be intentionally shared with third parties.   We  allow the user to opt in for marketing emails that will come  directly from us. There are third party providers who help make this app possible. We do not control third parties' collection or use of your information to serve interest-based advertising. However these third parties may provide you with ways to choose not to have your information collected or used in this way. Our third party providers and their relevant privacy policies can be found at:   https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy Though we make efforts to keep you informed  this list of third party providers may not be exhaustive. Third party providers’ policies are linked to as a courtesy  and may be changed without notice. You should regularly check their policies for any updates to the terms or changes to the URL.    Your Options  This section describes mechanisms we provide for you to control certain uses and disclosures of over your information.    Tracking  Technologies. You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies  or  to alert you when cookies are being sent. You may choose whether or  not to allow the Application to collect information through other  tracking technologies through account options. If you disable or  refuse cookies or block the use of other tracking technologies  some  parts of the Application may then be inaccessible or not function  properly.   Changing  Personal Information. You  can review and change your personal information by logging into the  Application and visiting your account profile page. You may also  send us an email at support@happymindapp.com to request access to   correct  or delete any personal information that you have provided  to us. We cannot delete your personal information except by also  deleting your user account. We may not accommodate a request to  change information if we believe the change would violate any law or  legal requirement or cause the information to be incorrect.  Location  Information. You can choose whether or not to allow the Application to collect  and use real-time information about your device's location through  the device's privacy settings. If you block the use of location  information  some parts of the Application may then be inaccessible  or not function properly.  Promotion  by the Company. If you do not want us to use your email address to promote our own  or third parties' products or services  you can opt-out by logging  into the Application and adjusting your user preferences in your  account profile by checking or unchecking the relevant boxes or by  sending us an email stating your request to support@happymindapp.com    