           Toggle navigation  Back   Privacy Policy  Your privacy is critically important to us  We have a few fundamental principles:   We don’t ask you for personal information unless we truly need it.  We don’t share your personal information with anyone except to comply with the law  develop our products  or protect our rights.  We don’t store personal information on our servers unless required for the on-going operation of one of our services.   Below is our privacy policy which incorporates these goals.  Our Kids Apps   In our kids apps we are not using  collecting or saving any personal or non-personal data at any time. All app specific information that might be needed (e.g. user name  photo ...) are stored non-personal and only on your device.  Website Visitors  Like most website sites  we collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available  such as the browser type  language preference  referring site  and the date and time of each visitor request. Our purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how our visitors use this website.  Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information  If you contact us via email  we reserve the right to respond your request to your email. We will not use your email for any other reason and  of course  we will not share your email with anyone.  Cookies  A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer  and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. We uses cookies to help us identify and track visitors  their usage of this website  and their website access preferences. Our visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using this website.  More information.  Privacy Policy Changes  Although most changes are likely to be minor  we may change this Privacy Policy from time to time  and in our sole discretion. We encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy.   Note  that this policy has been adapted from automattic.com . They kindly makes this policy available under a Creative Commons Sharealike license.       Copyright © 2015 educaPix. All rights reserved.  Privacy Policy / Aviso Legal      This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies.  More information  Accept and Close      