           Login  Free trial Login  Free trial  Glo Privacy Policy  Effective Date: April 25  2019  YogaGlo  Inc. (Glo) has prepared this privacy policy (Policy) to describe our privacy practices. We also use it to inform you about changes on the websites offered by Glo (Website) and new products and services.  This Policy applies to the Website and all of the products and services offered by Glo  the mobile or tablet versions thereof  any Glo software  and any applications created by Glo  however made available (collectively  the Service). Please note that the availability of any Glo applications on a social networking site  mobile or tablet device  internet television  or other technology platform does not indicate any relationship or affiliation between Glo and such social networking site  mobile or tablet device  or internet television  or other technology platform.  If you have any questions about this Policy  please feel free to contact us. See the Contact section below for contact information.  1. Information We Collect  Information you provide – When you use our Service  we may collect your device ID and certain device information. When you sign up for a Glo account  we ask you for personal information such as your name  e-mail address  and an account password as well as your gender. At the time you register as a member  during your free trial period  or when you make a purchase  we request payment card or other payment account information which we retain in encrypted form on secure servers. We combine the information you submit under your account with information from other Glo services or third parties  such as Facebook and Google  in order to provide you with a better experience and to improve the quality of our Service.  Health information - Through your use of the Service  we may ask you to share your Apple Health application and Apple HealthKit data with Glo. We may collect and process health data that we receive through your smartphone and connected device(s) via the Apple Health application or Apple HealthKit with your consent. You may withdraw your consent to our collection of health information through the Apple Health application and Apple HealthKit at any time by following the process set forth in the Your Choices section below.  We make your profile available to other users according to the privacy settings you set for yourself as part of your profile. Your user name will be identified to us and to any recipient of messages you send through the Service.  We use your name  e-mail address  and other information to inform you of new product releases  service notifications  events  and to solicit your feedback and input. We also use your information  or a portion thereof  to send you marketing materials and/or Glo newsletters or other information Glo thinks you would be interested in  unless you notify Glo that you do not wish to receive such materials. Please contact us using the information in the Contact section below to request that you not be sent any or all of such information  or opt-out of any email messages you receive from Glo to stop receive future marketing emails.  Glo cookies - When you visit Glo  we send one or more cookies - a small file containing a string of characters - to your computer that uniquely identifies your browser. We use cookies to improve the quality of our Service by storing user preferences and tracking user trends. Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies  but you can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However  some Glo features and services will not function properly if your cookies are disabled. Cookies collect the date and time of your visit  your registration information  and other technical information.  Glo uses persistent cookies. This means that the cookie stays on your hard drive until you delete it. You can delete our cookie at any time by following the instructions contained in your browser's help file  or by contacting the company providing your browser's technical support. Glo does not use cookies to store information such as credit card numbers  telephone numbers  or any other sensitive information.  Glo uses cookies to deliver content specific to your interests  to save your password so you don't have to re-enter it each time you visit our Website  and for other purposes.  Activity Information - In order to provide the best possible service and to allow us to make certain internal reports and make recommendations  we collect aggregate information about the use of the Service  including information about users accessing the Website such as internet protocol addresses  browser type  browser language  referring / exit pages and URLs  other browser history  platform type  number of clicks  domain names  landing pages  pages viewed and the order of those pages  the amount of time spent on particular pages  the date and time of your visit  and other technical information.  IP Address - An Internet Protocol (IP) address is a number that's automatically assigned to your computer whenever you're surfing the Web. We retain your IP address in order to help us diagnose problems with our servers  to administer our Website  to help identify you  to gather broad anonymous demographic and location information (such as the number of visitors from a geographic area)  to enforce compliance with the Website terms and conditions  or otherwise in order to protect our services  sites  customers  or others.  Log information - When you use the Service  our servers automatically record information that your browser sends whenever you visit a Website. These server logs include information such as your web request  IP address  browser type  browser language  the date and time of your request  and one or more cookies that uniquely identify your browser.  User communications - When you send email or other communication to Glo  we retain those communications in order to process your inquiries  respond to your requests  and improve our services.  Affiliated sites - We offer some of our Services in connection with other websites. Personal information that you provide to those websites is sent to Glo in order to deliver the Service. We process such information in accordance with this Policy. The affiliated websites have different privacy practices and we encourage you to read their privacy policies.  Links - Glo presents links in a format that enables us to keep track of whether these links have been followed. We use this information to improve the quality of our Website.  2. Information Use and Sharing  We use your personal information for the purposes described in this Policy and/or any privacy notice provided for specific Services. Such purposes include  but are not limited to:   Providing our Services to users  including the display of customized content and advertising;  Sharing information to our business partners who perform core services (such as hosting  billing  data storage  security  and reporting services) related to the operation of the Service;  Collecting and processing information about your actual location to provide location-aware products  services  and other content;  Verifying your identity;  Following up with transactions or inquiries initiated on the Website  the application  or via email;  Auditing  research and analysis in order to maintain  protect  and improve our Services;  Ensuring the technical functioning of our network; and  Developing new Services.   We may use the health data we obtain through the Apple Health application or the Apple HealthKit to provide feedback on your activity or health status and to improve the Service by creating a more personalized experience for you (i.e.  serving content that is relevant to your activity or health  but in no event used for advertising or marketing purposes as set forth herein).  We will not disclose any of your health data we obtain through the Apple Health application or the Apple HealthKit to advertising platforms  data brokers  or information resellers  or for advertising  marketing  or use-based data mining purposes. We will not disclose such data to other third parties without your consent  and then only for the purposes of enabling the third party to provide health  motion  and/or fitness services.  We may provide information  including health data  to our subsidiaries  affiliated companies  and other trusted third parties or persons for the purpose of processing personal information on our behalf. We require that these parties agree to process such personal information based on our instructions and in compliance with the appropriate confidentiality and security measures.  We also may disclose personal information and health information: (i) if required to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to (1) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Glo or its parent company  subsidiaries  or affiliates  (2) protect and defend the rights or property of Glo or the users of the Website  or (3) act under exigent circumstances to protect the safety of the public or users of the Website; (ii)in connection with a partial or total sale of stock or assets  merger  or any other change of control transaction  including in bankruptcy; or (iii) when we have your consent to do so.  We do not use automatic decision-making or engage in profiling that produces legal effects or similarly significant effects.  We may share technical or personal information that has been anonymized or aggregated without limitation.  3. Your Choices  When you sign up for the Service  we ask you to provide personal information. If we use this information in a manner different than those described in this Policy and/or in the specific service notices  then we will ask for your consent prior to such use. If you no longer wish to receive email notifications from Glo  please let us know by contacting us. Please specify which notifications you no longer wish to receive and provide your exact name  email address and/or physical address so that we can do our best to ensure that you stop receiving the notifications that you no longer wish to receive. Please note that you will continue to receive communications related to our transaction(s) and relationship with you.  If we propose to use personal information for any purposes other than those described in this Policy and/or in the specific service notices  and you decline  Glo may not be able to provide its Service to you.  If you would like to withdraw your consent to our collection of health data through the Apple Health application and Apple HealthKit  you may do so by using your device settings.  We may partner with third-party ad networks and other ad serving providers (Advertising Providers) that serve ads on our behalf and others' on non-affiliated platforms. Some of those ads may be personalized  meaning that they are intended to be relevant to you based on information Advertising Providers collect about your use of the Website and other sites or apps over time  including information about relationships among different browsers and devices. This type of advertising is known as interest-based advertising.  Glo adheres to the Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) Self-Regulatory Principles in connection with this interest-based advertising activity. You can visit www.aboutads.info or www.youradchoices.com/AppChoices to learn more about interest-based advertising and how to opt out of this advertising by companies participating in the DAA self-regulatory program. If you delete your cookies  reset your device advertising identifier  or use a different browser or mobile device  you will need to renew your opt-out choices. You may also be able to limit data collection for advertising purposes using tools available on your device. Note that electing to opt out will not stop advertising from appearing in your browser or applications. It may make the ads you see less relevant to your interests. Even if you opt out  Advertising Providers may continue to collect data for other purposes  including analytics and other operational purposes.  We may also work with third parties that collect data about your use of the Website and other sites or apps over time for non-advertising purposes. For example  Glo uses Google Analytics and other third-party services to improve the performance of the Website and for analytics and marketing purposes. For more information about how Google Analytics collects and uses data when you use our Website  visit www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/   and to opt out of Google Analytics  visit tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/ .  When you use the Service  we make good faith efforts to provide you with access to your personal information and either to correct this data if it is inaccurate or to delete such data at your request if it is not otherwise required to be retained by law or for legitimate business purposes. We ask individual users to identify themselves and the information requested to be accessed  corrected  or removed before processing such requests  and we in some cases decline to process requests in certain circumstances. In any case where we provide information access and correction  we perform this service free of charge  except if doing so would require a disproportionate effort.  4. Data Security  We take appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration  disclosure  or destruction of data. These include internal reviews of our data collection  storage and processing practices  and security measures  as well as physical security measures to guard against unauthorized access to systems where we store personal information.  We restrict access to personal information to Glo employees  contractors  and agents who need to know that information in order to operate  develop  or improve our services. These individuals are bound by confidentiality obligations and may be subject to discipline  including termination and criminal prosecution  if they fail to meet these obligations.  However  please note that no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure  so while Glo strives to protect your information  Glo cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information that you voluntarily give to Glo.  5. Website Areas Beyond Glo's Control  Glo may choose various third party websites to link to  link from  and frame within  the Website. Glo also may participate in co-branding and other relationships to offer e-commerce and other services and features to its users. However  even if the third party is affiliated with Glo  we have no control over these linked sites  each of which has separate privacy and data collection practices independent of Glo. We have no responsibility or liability for these independent policies or actions and are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of any such websites. Please make sure you are comfortable with the privacy practices of every site you visit before providing the site with your personal information. These linked sites are only for your convenience and you therefore access them at your own risk.  We also may make chat rooms  forums  and message boards available to you through the Services. Please remember that we cannot control the information that is shared by members and that anything you voluntarily provide in any public area of the Internet will be publicly available to other visitors on that website and potentially to other third parties. Thus  please note that you should always exercise caution when deciding to publicly disclose any of your personal information in these and similar areas.  6. International Visitors  This section applies to those that visit our Website or use our Service from the European Economic Area  the United Kingdom  and Switzerland.  Glo processes personal information with your consent (e.g.  when you agree that Glo may place cookies  or when Glo processes personal information submitted for specified purposes). On other occasions  Glo may process personal information when it needs to do this to fulfil a contract (for example  for billing purposes) or where required to do so by law.  If necessary  Glo may also process personal information when it is in Glo's legitimate interests to do this (e.g.  for customer service or fraud detection) and when these interests are not overridden by your data protection rights. If you wish to exercise the right to withdraw consent  please contact us. See the Contact section below for contact information.  Please be aware that the personal information we collect may be transferred to and maintained on servers or databases located outside your state  province  country  or other jurisdiction  where the privacy laws may not be as protective as those in your location. If you are located outside of the United States  please be advised that we process and store personal information in the United States and your consent to this privacy notice represents your agreement to this processing and storage.  You have a right to the following:   To request access to the personal information we hold about you;  To request that we rectify or erase your personal information;  To request that we restrict or block the processing of your personal information;  Under certain circumstances  to receive personal information about you that we store and transmit to another without hindrance from us  including requesting that we provide your personal information directly to another  i.e.  a right to data portability; and  Where we previously obtained your consent  to withdraw consent to processing your personal information.   To exercise these rights  see the Contact section below. Please be aware that Glo may be unable to provide these rights to you under certain circumstances  such as if we are legally prevented from doing so. Additionally  you have the right to lodge a complaint against us. To do so  contact the supervisory authority in your country of residence.  We will process and store your personal information only for the period necessary to achieve the purpose of the storage  or as permitted by law. We will retain and use your personal information to the extent necessary to enforce our agreements. The criteria used to determine the period of storage of personal information is the respective statutory retention period or six years in the case of contracts. After expiration of that period  the corresponding data is routinely deleted  as long as it is no longer necessary for the fulfillment of a contract or the initiation of a contract or for other lawful purposes.  7. Enforcement  Glo regularly reviews its compliance with this Policy. Please feel free to direct any questions or concerns regarding this Policy or Glo's treatment of personal information by contacting us using the information in the Contact section below.  When we receive formal written complaints at this address  it is Glo's policy to contact the complaining user regarding his or her concerns. We will cooperate with the appropriate regulatory authorities  including local data protection authorities  to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of personal information that cannot be resolved between Glo and an individual.  8. Users Under 18  Glo's content is not directed at users under eighteen (18) years of age  and if you provide information about yourself as a user of Glo  you are representing that you are at least eighteen (18) years of age. We do not knowingly collect personal information from anyone under eighteen (18) years of age  but if we do become aware of having collected personal information from a user who is younger than eighteen (18) years of age  we will remove such information from our files.  9. Changes To This Policy  This Policy may be amended from time to time. You should visit this page periodically to review any changes to the Policy. If we believe that the changes are material  Glo will let you know by doing one (or more) of the following: (i) posting the changes on or through the Website or Service  or (ii) sending you an email or message about the changes.  10. Glo Terms and Conditions of Use  A complete statement of our Terms and Conditions of Use can be found here . Glo's Terms and Conditions of Use are expressly incorporated into this Policy by this reference.  11. Contact  If you have any questions  comments  or concerns about this privacy policy  please contact us  in our role as data controller  at:  YogaGlo  Inc. 1740 Stanford St.  Santa Monica  CA 90404 1-888-817-7857 privacy@glo.com   For visitors from the European Economic Area  the United Kingdom  and Switzerland  to contact our privacy team  please contact:  privacy@glo.com  Back to Home   Glo  Give the gift of Glo  Our manifesto  Support center  Contact us  Careers  Devices  Privacy policy  Terms & conditions    Inspiration  Online yoga  Online meditation  Online Pilates  Online fitness  Yoga for beginners  Meditation for beginners  Pilates for beginners  Live yoga classes  Yoga conditioning    Content  Programs  Teachers  Styles  Courses    Blog  Glo blog     Copyright © 2020 Glo  Inc.   