    For business Symptomate is an advanced system for preliminary medical diagnosis  also available as a business solution. Learn more Apps Mobile apps Get the iOS app Get the Android app Chatbot Beta Begin conversation Voice Assistant Beta Amazon Alexa Google Assistant English English العربيّة Česky Español Français Deutsch Nederlands Русский Polski Português Brasileiro Slovensky Türkçe Українська 简体中文 Start checkup Apps Mobile apps Get the iOS app Get the Android app Chatbot Beta Begin conversation Voice Assistant Beta Amazon Alexa Google Assistant For business Symptomate is an advanced system for preliminary medical diagnosis  also available as a business solution. Learn more English English العربيّة Česky Español Français Deutsch Nederlands Русский Polski Português Brasileiro Slovensky Türkçe Українська 简体中文 Privacy Policy Last updated: February 26  2020 Contents Who we are Why we collect and process data What data we collect and process Health information How long we process your data What we can do with your data Your rights concerning data Security Cookies Social media plug-ins  online marketing services and services rendered by third parties Amendments Contact Who we are Welcome to the website of Infermedica Sp. z o.o. with its registered office in Wrocław  Plac Solny 14/3    50-062 Wrocław  Poland ( Infermedica   “ we ”  “ us ”    “ our ”). Infermedica is a Polish company entered into the Register of Entrepreneurs of   the National Court Register kept by the District Court for Wrocław-Fabryczna in Wrocław  VI Commercial   Division of   the National Court Register  under KRS number: 0000429183  with tax identification number   (NIP): 8971782877  and registered business number (REGON): 021889810. Infermedica owns the website under the domain www.symptomate.com (the “ Website ”).   Through the Website  as well as through a mobile application available in certain application markets for   different   mobile devices (the “ App ”)  we provide services (the “ Service ”) described   explicitly and comprehensively in the “Symptomate.com” Terms of Service available at https://symptomate.com/terms-of-service or in mobile apps. Infermedica acts as the controller of any personal data collected and processed in   connection with use of the Website and the App. All our activities connected with the Website or the App comply with the applicable data protection   legislation  in particular Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April   2016   on the protection of individuals with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement   of such data and repealing Directive 95/46/EC ( GDPR ). The main goal of this privacy policy is to inform you how and for what purpose we process personal data in   connection with your visit to  and use of the Website and the App. Why we collect and process data We collect and process your data to ensure and improve the functioning of the Website and the App. We collect   and   process your personal data  i.e. information that identifies  or at least makes it possible to identify  you   as a   natural person when you voluntarily decide to actively communicate with us or decide to leave us your feedback   regarding our Service. What is more  we collect and process certain technical data generated due to you   visiting the   Website or using the App  which may also be considered personal data. ‘Processing’ means any operation which   is   performed on personal data  such as collection  recording  organization  structuring  storage  adaptation    retrieval    any kind of disclosure  erasure or destruction  or other use. What data we collect and process We collect several different types of information for various purposes connected with providing and   improving our   Service. The types of information that we collect and process depend on the types of services we provide via   the   Website and the App. We collect and process your personal data: when you contact us  when you decide to leave us your feedback  when you browse the Website or use the App. Your personal data are provided voluntarily  but without your personal data we will not be able to contact   you. Contact: When you ask us to contact you  we will collect and process the following personal data: e-mail address  name and surname  if you provided them voluntarily. Where your personal data are collected and processed for contact purposes  the legal basis is in     particular: the purpose of contacting you – the basis is your voluntary consent (legal basis under Article     6(1)(a) of     the GDPR); the purpose of establishing  asserting  or defending ourselves against claims related to contact     matters or     the processing of your personal data – since the processing is necessary for us to pursue a legitimate     interest (Article 6(1)(f) of the GDPR)  namely being able to establish  assert or defend ourselves     against     claims. Feedback: If you decide to provide us with feedback following performance of our Service  we may only collect and   process   the personal data you provide. However  you do not have to provide personal data to leave us your   feedback. In this case  your personal data are collected and processed for feedback purposes and the legal basis   is in   particular: your voluntary consent (legal basis under Article 6(1)(a) of the GDPR); the purpose of establishing  asserting  or defending ourselves against claims related to contact     matters or     the processing of your personal data – since the processing is necessary for us to pursue a legitimate     interest (Article 6(1)(f) of the GDPR)  namely being able to establish  assert or defend ourselves     against     claims. Security and online marketing: When you browse our Website und use our Service  we will collect and process your IP address for   security   purposes. We also use some online marketing services to analyze your behavior in order to optimize both   our   Website and the App  and advertising  and we – together with these online marketing service providers –   collect   and process IP addresses when visitors browse our Website. In particular  we use re-marketing   technologies like   Facebook Pixel  Google Analytics  FullStory and Amplitude. Where your personal data are collected and processed for security and online marketing purposes  the   legal   basis is in particular: the purpose of providing our Service and to make it more secure  improve the way the Website and the     App     function  and to perform load balancing of the Website and the App - this constitutes a legitimate     interest     (legal basis under Article 6(1)(f) of the GDPR). We do not process your IP address to identify you as     a     natural person  but to make our Website and the App more secure. the purpose of analyzing your behavior in order to optimize both our Website and the App as well as     our     advertising - this constitutes a legitimate interest (legal basis under Article 6(1)(f) of the GDPR).     We do     not process your IP address to identify you as a natural person  so data collected due to provision of     these     services are anonymous with respect to us and cannot be used to identify you. Health information When you use our Service through our Website or our Apps  we collect certain health-related information   about you    as well as other information which may be helpful for us to correctly provide you with our Service  such as   your   gender  age  individual risk factors  the region in which you live  or your daily habits. Such health information is not connected to any of your personal information and is fully anonymous. We   link this   information with the anonymized unique identifier to gain insights into statistical data that help us   improve our   Service. We may use your information solely to enhance and improve your experience of our Service. How long we process your data We will retain and use your personal data only for as long as we need them to fulfil the purpose for   which we have   collected and processed them or as long as required and/or possible due to retention requirements   specified in the   provisions of law. When it comes to requests for contact  we will process your data: to contact you - until the purpose of contact is achieved or until consent is withdrawn  in any case     for no more     than three years from the last action performed; to establish  assert or defend ourselves against claims – until such claims become time-barred. When it comes to leaving your feedback regarding our Service  we will process your data: until consent is withdrawn  in any case for no more than three years from the last action performed; to establish  assert or defend ourselves against claims – until such claims become time-barred. When it comes to security matters  we will process your data: to provide our Service and make it more secure  improve the way the Website and the App function  and     to perform     load balancing of the Website and the App – for no more than sixty days from the date they were     collected. When it comes to online marketing matters  we will process your data: to analyze your behavior in order to optimize both our Website and the App as well as our advertising     - until     the services have been rendered or until you change the ad settings on your Facebook or Google profile. What we can do with your data We work with some third parties and they may have access to some of the information about you that we   collect and   process. The recipients of your personal data may include: entities authorized by law on the basis of a proper request (courts  state authorities); entities providing accounting  IT  marketing  communication  analytical and legal services  including     HubSpot      Google  Facebook  FullStory  Amplitude; subcontractors with whom we cooperate. Your information  including personal data  may also be transferred to — and maintained on — computers   located   outside of the European Economic Area  where the data protection laws may differ from the GDPR. Therefore  if we transfer personal data outside the European Economic Area  i.e. to third countries  the   transfer   of personal data will be based on appropriate legal mechanisms such as a Commission Implementing Decision    including   in particular Commission Implementing Decision (EU) 2016/1250 of 12 July 2016 adopted pursuant to   Directive 95/46/EC   of the European Parliament and of the Council on the adequacy of the protection provided by the EU-US   Privacy Shield   (notified under document No. C(2016) 4176)  standard contractual clauses or other similar legal   instruments provided   for in the GDPR. To ensure that you have adequate control over your personal data transferred outside the European   Economic Area    you will have the right to obtain a copy of your personal data transferred to third countries at any   time. Your rights concerning data You have the following rights under the GDPR: the right to request access to your data and to receive a copy of your data : whenever possible      you can     access  update or request deletion of your personal data; the right to rectify (correct) your data : you have the right to have your information rectified     if that     information is inaccurate or incomplete; he right to erasure : you have a right to erasure regarding data that are no longer required for     the     original purposes or that are processed unlawfully; the right to data portability : you have the right to be provided with a copy of the information     we have     regarding you in a structured  machine-readable and commonly used format; the right to object : you have the right to object to our processing of your personal data –     upon your     justified objection we will cease any further processing under Article 6(1)(f) of the GDPR; the right to withdraw consent : you also have the right to withdraw your consent at any time     where we     relied on your voluntary consent to process your personal information; the right to lodge a complaint with the competent supervisory authority - about our collection     and use of     your personal data. In order to exercise your rights  you may send a request to the following e-mail address: office@infermedica.com   send a letter to   our correspondence   address given above  or come to our registered office in person. Please note that before responding to   such requests   or enabling exercise of your rights  we may ask you for proof of identification. In order to withdraw the   consent   given to us for personal data processing  you can also click the ‘unsubscribe’ hyperlink in e-mail   correspondence.   The withdrawal of your consent does not affect the lawfulness of our previous processing based on your   consent   before consent was withdrawn effectively. Security The security of your data is a very important issue for us. We strive to conscientiously and perpetually   protect   your personal data from loss  destruction  distortion/falsification  manipulation and unauthorized access   or   unauthorized disclosure through appropriate technical and organizational measures adopted at our   company. However  please always keep in mind that no method of transmission over the Internet or method of   electronic   storage is 100% secure. Due to the inherent nature of the Internet  we cannot guarantee that during   transmission   over the Internet or while stored on our system or otherwise in our care  information will be safe from   any   intrusion by third parties  such as hackers. Cookies We use cookies to track your activity on our Website and in the App  and we hold certain information   obtained from   such tracking. Cookies are files with a small amount of data which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies   are sent to   your browser from our Website and the App and stored on your device. They are used to collect and track   information   and to improve and analyze our services rendered through our Website and the App. Detailed information can be found in our Cookies Policy . Social media plug-ins  online marketing services and services rendered by third parties Online marketing services: Based on legitimate interest  being the analysis  optimization and economic operation of our   activities  as   well as analysis of your behavior in order to optimize our Website and advertising  we use the   following online   marketing services: Facebook Pixel: On our Website  we use a marketing tool available through and provided by Facebook Inc.  1601 S.   California   Ave. Palo Alto  CA 94304  USA  which is the Facebook Pixel. The Facebook Pixel is a source code   fragment added   to our Website. This tool makes it possible to track your behavior and activity when you are redirected to our   Website having   seen or clicked on a Facebook ad. This process is designed to evaluate the effectiveness of Facebook   and our   advertisements for statistical and market research purposes  and may help to optimize future   advertising   efforts. Information gathered using this tool allows Facebook to provide you with personalized ads   when using   Facebook. When you visit our Website  the Facebook Pixel establishes a direct connection with Facebook servers.   Facebook   is therefore informed that you visited our Website and may assign this information to your Facebook   account. The data collected using the Facebook Pixel tool are anonymous with respect to us and cannot be used   to   identify you. The data are however stored and processed by Facebook  and this means that they can be   linked to   the respective Facebook account  and Facebook can use the data for its own advertising purposes    according to   the Facebook privacy policy and the Facebook user’s profile settings. Facebook has ultimate control of   any data   gathered through this tool. However  you can opt out of Facebook’s use of the Facebook Pixel by   adjusting the   settings available on your Facebook account. Detailed information on the Facebook Pixel and the way your data are collected and processed can be   found here: https://www.facebook.com/policy.php Google Analytics: Our Website uses Google Analytics  a web analysis program of Google Ireland Ltd. (Gordon House  4   Barrow   Street  Dublin  Ireland). Google Analytics uses cookies that are stored on your terminal device as   well as your   IP address  with an active IP anonymization feature. On our behalf  Google uses such information to   analyze your   use of our Website and provides us with reports and other services. The IP address transmitted from   your   terminal device to Google Analytics will not be merged with any other data of Google. Google will   transfer your   data to third parties only if permitted by applicable law or in accordance with outsourced data   processing   agreements. You can prevent the collection and processing of information generated by the Google cookie by   placing an   opt-out cookie or deactivating Google Analytics in the menu of your terminal device. More information   can be   found here: https://policies.google.com/privacy Full Story: We use analytics software and services offered by FullStory  Inc. to collect information regarding   your   behavior on our Website. For more information about FullStory  please see the FullStory privacy policy   available   at https://www.fullstory.com/legal/privacy/ . You can opt out of FullStory’s   collection   and processing of data generated by your use of our Website by going to https://www.fullstory.com/optout/ . Amplitude: We use analytics software and services offered by Amplitude Inc. (631 Howard Street  Suite 300  San   Francisco    CA 94105  USA). This tool collects technical information  such as the type of your device  the   operating system   used  or the name of your provider. In addition  Amplitude tracks events that occur during use of our   Service.   Additional information about the manner in which Amplitude processes data can be found at: https://amplitude.com/privacy . Services rendered by third parties: Our Website uses a promotional video provided by YouTube LLC 901 Cherry Ave.  94066 San Bruno  CA    USA)  a   company owned by Google Ireland Ltd. (Gordon House  4 Barrow Street  Dublin  Ireland). If you decide   to launch   the video  the website provided by YouTube will pop up. If you are logged onto your YouTube account    YouTube   will be able to combine your behavior with the other data you provide to YouTube. YouTube videos   provide a   better understanding of our services. For more information on this subject  go to the Google privacy   policy   available here: https://policies.google.com/privacy Certain services offered to you through the Website contain links to websites hosted and operated by   companies   other than us  in particular social media providers and mobile apps as well as voice assistant   technology   providers. We do not share your personal information with these third parties  but you should be aware   that any   information you disclose to these third parties once you access their websites is not subject to this   Privacy   Policy. Amendments We may revise this privacy policy from time to time. The most recent version of the privacy policy will   govern our   use of your personal data and other information we process  and will be posted on the Website. By   continuing to   access or use the Website and the services we render through it  once those changes take effect  you agree   to be   bound by the revised privacy policy. If you do not agree  you must cease using our Website   immediately. Contact You can reach us: via e-mail: office@infermedica.com by writing to our registered office: Infermedica Sp. z o.o.  Plac Solny 14/3  50-062 Wrocław  Poland Diagnostic technology is powered by Infermedica Facebook Twitter YouTube Medical Interview Press kit Contact This site uses cookies. For more information  see our Terms of Service   Privacy Policy and Cookies Policy . Infermedica © 2020  