Privacy Policy  Information about the Treatment of Personal Data and Data Protection Provisions (“Privacy Policy“) of freshminds GmbH  Borselstr. 20  22765 Hamburg  Germany (“freshminds”) for the use of the WeBurn App & Website (“WeBurn”)  1 Introductory words  It is not easy for working people to go to a gym for 1 or 2 hours several times a week. In addition  training in a gym can cause a feeling of insecurity due to the people watching - especially for women. However  it is very important to exercise regularly and thus support your health. With WeBurn  we want to offer people an alternative to lengthy workouts and going to the gym: short but very effective high-intensity interval training (hereinafter HIIT) using their own body weight.  As with the use of every app  we have a privacy policy that is designed to provide you with a transparent explanation of how and why personal and other data is collected  used and shared when using WeBurn. Please read this privacy policy carefully before using WeBurn.  2 General Information  2.1 Provider  The provider of WeBurn  the WeBurn app  the WeBurn website and all sub-pages (hereinafter referred to as WeBurn  or app  or website) is freshminds GmbH  Borselstr. 20  22765 Hamburg  Germany  registered under the number HRB 146668 at the Hamburg Amtsgericht. These terms and conditions contain all data protection provisions of freshminds. They regulate  supplemented by the separately provided General Terms and Conditions (hereinafter referred to as Terms)  everything concerning data protection. However  you must take into account any data protection provisions to be concluded with third parties as part of the WeBurn download process or when using social networks or similar services.  2.2 Requirements for use  Minors are not allowed to register  or only with the express permission of their legal guardian (with the corresponding declaration of consent to these General Terms and Conditions).  2.3 Supplementary conditions  This privacy policy can be adapted or edited by freshminds at any time. The current version of this Privacy Policy can and should be accessed by you via the App's settings at regular intervals.  3 Personal data - general  consent  3.1 Personal data  According to Art. 4 DSGVO  personal data (hereinafter referred to as personal data) is any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person.  3.2 Reasons for collection  On the website and in the app  personal data can be collected  stored and processed in various places - whenever you visit the website or use the app  contact freshminds  register  perform actions  etc. The collection is done for two main reasons: First  freshminds wants to fulfill its contractual obligations towards you (see also Terms and Conditions) - so that you get what freshminds promises. Second  the survey is necessary if freshminds is to learn from the users' behaviour  to make the app as error-free  user-friendly and simple as possible for all users and to continuously improve it for the users.  3.3 Storage of personal data  You expressly agree to the collection  processing and use of your personal data for the purpose of implementing the user contract (see General Terms and Conditions) and in accordance with the present data protection regulations. You are aware of and agree that your personal data listed in section 4 onwards may be stored and/or processed on data carriers of freshminds or by the third party providers listed in section 4 onwards.  3.4 No sale of personal data  Personal data will not be sold by freshminds  will only be used for the purposes set forth in these terms and conditions and will only be stored as long as necessary or required by law. freshminds will process all personal data made available only within the scope of these data protection provisions and the separately accessible general terms and conditions.  4 Personal and other data when using the stores and downloading the app  In the download process of the App Store and Google Play Store (hereinafter referred to as Stores)  data such as your Device ID  product page views  click behavior  download processes  in-app purchases  etc. are stored by Apple and Google for statistical and analytical purposes. The stores may also store this data outside the European Union or Germany (including in the USA). If you do not wish the third party provider to store the data provided  you should refrain from using the stores or downloading apps. Please refer to the terms and conditions and privacy policy of Apple or Google.  5 Personal and other data when using the app in the database  Once you have decided to download the app  you can and may only register if you agree to this Privacy Policy and Terms and Conditions. If you do so  it is necessary to collect  store and use additional data in order to create a new customer account (hereinafter Account)  to enable you to use the App with all interaction possibilities  to identify yourself  to provide a technically smooth environment  to integrate you into the community  to analyze and improve the App  to send you messages or similar (via in-app message or push message) and to provide you with the best possible App experience.  Registration is completed when you complete the app intro and agree to this Privacy Policy and Terms and Conditions. You may then optionally and voluntarily enter the following information into the app:   Name (to have a unique name)   Profile photo (to personalize the app experience)   Fitness data - for example weight  height and age (to better calculate your calories burned).   All data is then stored in the freshminds database. Additionally  freshminds stores the following data of you in the database:   User Id (for identification)  Creation date (for analysis purposes)  Last app start (for analysis purposes)  App version (for analysis purposes)  OS version (for analysis purposes)  Device name (for analysis purposes)  Instrument class year (for analysis purposes)  Language (for analysis and support purposes)  Region (for analysis and support purposes)  Time zone (for analysis and support purposes)  Subscription transaction details (for support purposes)  Membership status (for providing app content)  Workout favorites (for personalization of app content)  Workout history (for personalization of app content)  Heart rate per workout (for personalization of app content)   freshminds uses the Cloud Firestore product from Google LLC (formerly known as Google Inc.  hereinafter Google) located in  1600 Amphitheatre Parkway Mountain View  CA 94043 USA.  The transmission is carried out in accordance with the provisions of Art. 46 DSGVO. Google stores or processes the data and prepares them for freshminds in a web interface. Google stores the data in the USA or Europe and is subject to the EU-DSGVO (EU 2016/679) via DPA: https://firebase.google.com/terms/data-processing-terms  You can customize your name  profile photo and fitness data at any time.  You agree to the data collection by freshminds and the transmission to Google. If you do not want the third party provider to store the data you provide  you must refrain from using the app.  To have your data deleted from the database by freshminds or Google  you can request this at any time by sending an email to hello@joinweburn.com (with the note Delete my data in the Google Firestore). If this is not done  the data will be deleted at the latest after the legally required retention periods. Reference is made to the general terms and conditions and data protection regulations of Google Firebase:  General terms and conditions: https://firebase.google.com/terms Privacy policy: https://firebase.google.com/support/privacy  6 Personal and other data when using the app; for statistical and analysis purposes  freshminds uses the product Firebase Analytics of Google LLC (formerly known as Google Inc.  hereinafter Google) based in  1600 Amphitheatre Parkway Mountain View  CA 94043 USA.  The transmission is carried out in accordance with the provisions of Art. 46 DSGVO. Google stores or processes the data and prepares them for freshminds in a web interface. Google stores the data in the USA or Europe and is subject to the EU-DSGVO (EU 2016/679) via DPA: https://firebase.google.com/terms/data-processing-terms  You consent to the collection of data by freshminds and its transfer to Google. If you do not want the third party provider to store the data provided  you must refrain from using the app.  To have your data deleted from the database by freshminds or Google  you can request this at any time by sending an email to hello@joinweburn.com (with the note Deletion of my data at Google Firebase Analytics). If this does not take place  the data will be deleted at the latest after the legally required retention periods. Reference is made to the general terms and conditions and data protection regulations of Google Firebase:  General terms and conditions: https://firebase.google.com/terms Privacy policy: https://firebase.google.com/support/privacy  The data  which is saved by Google with Firebase Analytics by default and prepared for analysis  if desired by freshminds  can be viewed at the following link: https://support.google.com/firebase/answer/6318039  In addition  freshminds stores and analyses the following additional data with the help of Firebase Analytics:   Activation and deactivation of Apple Health/Google Fit  Connection with App Store / Google Play Store  Specification of whether profile picture was stored  Motion behavior in the app  Start and end of a workflow  Favorite Workouts  Forwarding the App  Evaluation of the app  In-App purchase  All data from section 5   7 Personal and other data when using the app in the area of troubleshooting  freshminds uses the product Firebase Crashlytics from Google LLC (formerly known as Google Inc.  hereinafter Google) based in  1600 Amphitheatre Parkway Mountain View  CA 94043 USA.  The transmission is carried out in accordance with the provisions of Art. 46 DSGVO. Google stores or processes the data and prepares them for freshminds in a web interface. Google stores the data in the USA or Europe and is subject to the EU-DSGVO (EU 2016/679) via DPA: https://firebase.google.com/terms/data-processing-terms  You consent to the collection of data by freshminds and its transfer to Google. If you do not want the third party provider to store the data provided  you must refrain from using the app.  To have your data deleted from the database by freshminds or Google  you can request this at any time by sending an email to hello@joinweburn.com (with the note Deletion of my data at Google Firebase Crashlytics). If this does not take place  the data will be deleted at the latest after the legally required retention periods. Reference is made to the general terms and conditions and data protection regulations of Google Firebase:  General terms and conditions: https://firebase.google.com/terms Privacy policy: https://firebase.google.com/support/privacy  The data  which is stored by Google and processed for analysis  can be viewed under the following link: https://docs.fabric.io/apple/fabric/data-privacy.html#identifiable-data-collected  In addition  freshminds stores and analyses the following additional data with the help of Firebase Crashlytics:   All data from section 5  All data from section 6   8 Personal and other data when using the app in the in-app purchase area  freshminds uses the product RevenueCat from Revenue Cat  Inc. for the management and analysis of in-app purchases. (hereinafter RevenueCat) with headquarters in  633 Tarava St. Suite 101  San Francisco  CA 94116 USA.  The transmission is carried out in accordance with the provisions of Art. 46 DSGVO. RevenueCat stores or processes the data and prepares them for freshminds in a web interface. RevenueCat stores the data in the USA or Europe and is subject to the EU-DSGVO (EU 2016/679) via DPA: https://www.revenuecat.com/dpa  You agree to the collection of data by freshminds and the transfer to RevenueCat. If you do not want the third party provider to store the data provided  you must refrain from using the app.  To have your data deleted from the database of freshminds or RevenueCat  you can request this at any time by sending an email to hello@joinweburn.com (with the note Deletion of my data at RevenueCat). If you do not do so  the data will be deleted at the latest after the legally required retention periods. Please refer to the General Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy of RevenueCat:  General Terms and Conditions: https://www.revenuecat.com/terms Privacy policy: https://www.revenuecat.com/privacy  The data  which is stored and processed by RevenueCat for analysis  can be viewed at the following link: https://www.revenuecat.com/dpa  In addition  freshminds stores and analyses the following additional data with the help of RevenueCat:   All data from section 5  All data from section 6   9 Personal and other data when sharing content  If you share content using one of the app's built-in features (especially via Facebook  Whatsapp  Snapchat  Twitter  Instagram  but also via other providers or via the share feature of smartphones or via a screenshot)  you are allowed to do so  provided that the parties involved have agreed to the publication.  Every sharing and agreeing user who publishes  uploads or shares content in the app or agrees to it  is aware that the content can be shared or stored via different channels and therefore may be stored on servers outside of Germany or the European Union. You should check the terms and conditions and privacy policies of the providers used separately.  10 Personal and other data when sending e-mails to freshminds  freshminds uses the G Suite product from Google LLC (formerly known as Google Inc.  hereinafter Google) based in  1600 Amphitheatre Parkway Mountain View  CA 94043 USA.  The transmission is carried out in accordance with the provisions of Art. 46 DSGVO. Google stores or processes the data and prepares them for freshminds in a web interface. Google stores the data in the USA or Europe and is subject to the EU-DSGVO (EU 2016/679) via DPA: https://admin.google.com/terms/apps/3/1/en/dpa_terms.html  You consent to the collection of data by freshminds and its transfer to Google. If you do not want the third party provider to store your data  you are not allowed to send emails to freshminds. To have your own data deleted by freshminds or Google  you can request this at any time by sending an email to hello@joinweburn.com (with the note Delete data app at G Suite). If you do not do so  the data will be deleted at the latest after the legally required retention periods. Please refer to Google's terms and conditions and privacy policy:  General Terms and Conditions: https://policies.google.com/terms Privacy policy: https://policies.google.com/privacy  The information that Google stores is the following:   email address  Display first and last name of e-mail address  user id  App version  All other information provided by the user himself (e.g. in a signature)  such as first name  last name  address  telephone number   11 Personal and other data in internal freshminds communication tools  For internal company communication (used e.g. for troubleshooting) freshminds uses the product Slack from Slack Technologies Inc. (hereinafter Slack) based in  155 5th Street  Sixth floor  San Francisco  CA 94103  USA.  The transmission is carried out in accordance with the provisions of Art. 46 DSGVO. Slack stores or processes the data and prepares them for freshminds in a software. Slack stores the data in the USA or Europe and is subject to the EU-DSGVO (EU 2016/679) via DPA:  https://slack.com/intl/de-de/gdpr  https://slack.com/intl/de-de/terms-of-service/data-processing  You agree to the data collection by freshminds and the transmission to Slack. If you do not want the third party provider to store the data you provide  you may not use the app. To have your own data deleted by freshminds or Slack  you can request this at any time by sending an email to hello@joinweburn.com (with the note Deletion of data app at Slack). If this does not take place  the data will be deleted at the latest after the legally required retention periods.  We refer to the general terms and conditions and privacy policy of Slack:  General terms and conditions: https://slack.com/intl/de-de/terms-of-service Privacy policy: https://slack.com/intl/de-de/privacy-policy  The data stored by Slack are the following:   User ID / Username  First name  Time zone   Operating system  Device  Creation date  App purchases  E-mail address  Name and surname  Operating system version  app version  all other information you provide in emails to freshminds (e.g. in a signature) such as first name  last name  address or telephone number.   12 permissions in the app  As you use the app  or when you install the app  you'll be asked if you want to allow the app to access mobile or wireless data  your camera  photos on your phone  and push notifications. This information is necessary for the app to communicate with the app's servers and display content. The camera and access to the photos on your phone is necessary if you want to upload or change a profile or other picture. Push notifications are necessary to send you reminders to start  stop and other information regarding the app. If such access to the app is not permitted  this may result in the app not being able to be used  or only to a very limited extent.  13 Security  13.1 Access exclusively via Smartphone  Access to your account is basically only possible with your own smartphone. It is therefore important that you keep access to your smartphone secret.  13.2 No absolute data security  All content published  uploaded and shared by you in the app  as well as your personal data (username  first name  etc.) is transferred between the app and the server using SSL encryption. However  the transmission of data on the internet is never completely secure  even though freshminds protects content and data with the highest security mechanisms. freshminds therefore does not assume any liability for the security of the content and data.  13.3 Links to third parties  With regard to links in the App or on the website www.joinweburn.com to third party websites  all responsibility for security and compliance with data protection is waived. The data protection regulations of the respective third party are to be viewed and checked here.  14 Other provisions  14.1 Information  correction and deletion of personal data  You can inform yourself about your stored personal data  have it corrected or deleted (to the extent permitted by law) by e-mail to hello@joinweburn.com.  14.2 Withdraw consent  You can withdraw your consent to the future collection  storage and use of your personal data by sending an e-mail to hello@joinweburn.com so that no further collection  storage and use of your personal data takes place.  14.3 Severability clause  Should one or more provisions of these data protection provisions be or become invalid  the validity of the remaining provisions shall remain unaffected. Ineffective provisions shall be replaced by provisions which come as close as possible to the intended economic purpose of the ineffective provision.  Effective as of: June 10  2020