   Home  Apps  About  Contact Us    Skip to main content    liif  Home  Apps  About  Contact Us   Menu   Privacy Policy  WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?  We collect information to provide better services to all of our users – from figuring out basic stuff like which features you like better  to more complex things like which ads you will find most useful.  Information you give us. When you do  you may be asked to enter your: name  age  gender  telephone number  e-mail address  Zip Code  photo and etc.  Information we get from your use of our services. We collect information about the services that you use and how you use them. This information includes:  Device information: including information about your IP address  device make  device model  device operating system  device operating system version  latitude/longitude location  carrier  data connection type  availability of payment enabled mobile wallets (examples: Apple Pay  Google Pay etc.)  and sensor information such as barometric pressure  accelerometer measurements  gyroscope measurements  device orientation  magnetic field measurements  direction of travel  motion activity (e.g. walking)  or other similar sensor measurements.  Browser information: including information about your browser type and language  and browser history.  Behavior Information: including information about the domain  your referring website addresses  date/time of visits  page view data  search keywords  visitor activities and actions on Publisher’s Sites  referring/exit pages  platform type  date/time stamp  geo location (including city  country  zip code  and potentially geographic coordinates if you have enabled location services on your device)  click data  and types of advertisements viewed. We do not collect any “sensitive” or “special categories of personal data” as defined under European data protection laws.  Log information. When you use our services  we automatically collect and store certain information in server logs.  Location information. When you use our services  we may collect and process information about your actual location. We use various technologies to determine location  including IP address  GPS  and other sensors that may access points and cell towers. Data may be collected even when the app is not in use.  Unique application numbers. Certain services include a unique application number. This number and information about your installation (for example  the operating system type and application version number) may be sent to us when you install or uninstall that service or when that service periodically contacts our servers  such as for automatic updates.  WHAT DO WE USE YOUR INFORMATION FOR?  Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:  – To personalize your experience (your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs)  – To improve our website (we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you)  – To improve customer service (your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs)  – To process transactions Your information  whether public or private  will not be sold  exchanged  transferred  or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever  without your consent  other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.  – To administer a contest  promotion  survey or other site feature  – To send periodic emails The email address you provide for order processing  will only be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order.  Note: If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails  we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.  HOW DO WE PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION  We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you enter  submit  or access your personal information.  We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Database to be only accessed by those authorized with special access rights to our systems  and are required to?keep the information confidential.  After a transaction  your private information (credit cards  social security numbers  financials  etc.) will not be kept on file for more than 60 days.  DO WE USE COOKIES?  Yes (Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information.  We use cookies to understand and save your preferences for future visits  keep track of advertisements and compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors. These service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business.  DO WE DISCLOSE ANY INFORMATION TO OUTSIDE PARTIES?  We share the information we collect with third-party business partners who commit to comply with applicable laws concerning their usage of the information. Our third-party business partners may use the information either for themselves or on behalf of their own business partners to: — Operate and improve their services; — Provide you with advertisements and information for products and services or send you other notifications based on variables such as your location  and assess your level of engagement with them; and — Carry out other purposes that are disclosed to you and to which you consent.  THIRD PARTY LINKS  Occasionally  at our discretion  we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless  we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.  CHILDREN’S ONLINE PRIVACY PROTECTION ACT COMPLIANCE  We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act)  we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website  products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.  WHEN THIS PRIVACY POLICY APPLIES  Our Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Sevenlogics  Inc and its affiliates  including all our apps and services offered on other sites (such as our advertising services)  but excludes services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy.  TERMS OF SERVICE  Please also visit our Terms establishing the use  disclaimers  and limitations of liability governing the use of our Services.  YOUR CONSENT  In addition to other information described in this policy  we may collect and share precise location information through methods such as mobile “SDKs” by means of our partnership with Cuebiq and its Partners which helps cover the costs of developing and maintaining this app and related services thereof. This information may be used by itself  aggregated  or combined with mobile identifiers   and may be shared with other parties  for purposes related to advertising  attribution (e.g.  measuring ad performance)  analytics and research. You can withdraw your consent to having your location data collected by changing the settings on your device (note that certain services may lose functionality as a result). You can also activate your device’s opt-out settings which will: (i) tell advertisers to not use your in-app information from that device for purposes of collecting and serving interest-based advertising and (ii) inform Cuebiq to halt further data collection and sharing from that device. Additionally  you can opt-out from the Cuebiq app directly ( iOS   Android ).   We may share your personal information  including your precise location data  driving sensor data  unique identifiers  device IDs  and other data for use across the internet and other experiences with our partners and their Partners  for their marketing and business purposes  including without limitation  to inform and improve tailored advertising  attribution  analytics  research purposes. These partners may use this information according to their own privacy policies.     By using our site and mobile apps  you consent to this privacy policy.  CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY  If we decide to change our privacy policy  we will post those changes on this page  and/or update the Privacy Policy modification date below.  CONTACTING US  If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.  http://www.sevenlogics.com  feedback@sevenlogics.com  This policy is powered by Trust Guard  your PCI compliance authority.    Home  Apps  About  Contact Us   Terms  Privacy Policy   © 2020 Sunflowr   