   Privacy Policy  Last Updated: 11 September 2019  Please read this Privacy Policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your Personal Data (as defined below) and how we will treat it.  This Privacy Policy explains  how we and affiliated companies (collectively  APP PRODAKSHN or we  us  our) collect and process personal data  when end users (“you” or “your”) use games and other applications  as well as related services (together the “Services” or “apps”) provided and managed by APP PRODAKSHN.  The data controller is APP PRODAKSHN OOO  with a registered address at 6A ulitsa Ponomarenko  Minsk  220015  Belarus.  What information do we collect?  When you use the Services  we collect certain personally identifiable information that can be used to identify you (“Personal Data”). Our Services are designed to avoid collecting information such as your name  address  email address or other similar contact data. However  in certain cases we may process such data  if you provide them to us (for example  if you resort to our support team).  We process the following information:  Device Information – these data include the operating system of your device (device type)  your mobile device identifiers (device ID  advertising ID)  resolution  version of the application  language  time zone  as well as IP address.  Information about Your Use of the Services – these data include information about your activity within the Services  such as achievements within the Services  completed levels and actions taken within the Services  in-app purchases data (payment identification number  the type and amount of a product  its price in your local currency  date and time of the purchase)  subscriptions  advertising that you click on.  Location Information – these data include information about your country  state and city of your location.  User Inquiries Information – these data includes all information you provide to us when addressing our support team or communicate with us in any other way.  Do we process you payment information?  Our Services include in-app purchases  e.g. subscriptions. If you want to make an in-app purchase  you may do this with the help of in-app payment system provided by the Platform (either Google Play managed by Google or AppStore managed by Apple) and integrated in the Services. The in-app payment system is managed by the Platform administration or its authorized partner. Under no circumstances does APP PRODAKSHN collect or process any information related to your payment instrument  such as bank card number  its validity term or your name as written on it.  Do we provide third parties with personal data or get personal data from third parties?  Yes. For the purposes of analytics and advertising  we use services and solutions provided by third parties. Such parties process data on our behalf and the respective technical solutions represent a part of the Services. Any transfer of your Personal Data is based on a written agreement  and we make sure such a third party complies with the applicable data protection regulations. Such third parties process Personal Data in accordance with their own privacy policies. Please  check privacy policies of such third parties.  In certain cases we may transfer information about you to other third parties (for example  independent personal data controllers)  if we are obliged or allowed to do so by applicable laws. If it is the case  we transfer such information while adhering to applicable personal data protection laws.  If APP PRODAKSHN is involved  whether in whole or in part  in a merger  sale  acquisition  divestiture  restructuring  reorganization  dissolution  bankruptcy or other change of ownership or control  we may transfer Personal Data  together with business assets  to another company. In this case the respective notification will be available on the web-page of the Privacy Policy.  We also may transfer your Personal Data to a third party in the following cases:   if we need so to protect legal rights of APP PRODAKSHN  our end users  business parties or other interested parties;  if we need so to enforce our agreements with you;  if we need so to investigate  prevent  or take other action regarding illegal activity  suspected fraud or other wrongdoing.   For what purposes do we process personal data?  We process Personal Data for the following purposes:   to provide and maintain the Services  make the Services available to you if you switch devices or temporarily stop using the Services  as well as to manage everyday business activity related to the Services.  to manage and protect the Services (e.g. to collect analytics  test  support end users  report illegal activity  etc.).  to communicate with you with regard to your inquiries submitted to our help&support team.  to analyze how you use the Services in order to plan further development of the Services  keep the Services updated and improve them.  to advertise our Services.   Please  take into account that different data are used for different purposes. For example  the data we collect through HealthKit APIs or the Motion & Fitness APIs - that is  data about your workouts and walks (speed  distance  time  number of steps  number of workout sets and similar data) - are used only to help you keep track of your sports activities within the application.  On the other hand  the data about in-app purchases (frequency  type of subscription  currency) may be used for analytics. These data help us learn what are the most popular subscriptions  in which countries do our customers live (this is important for localization purposes)  what is the average time of using the services of GetFit  etc.  In case the application functions with errors and you send us the report about such errors  we may use these data (including data about the type of device you use to access the application and the operating system running on it) to eliminate such errors.  In case you address our help&support team  we may use your e-mail to communicate with you about your issue. Any information you provide to us may be used to advise you on your issue  for example  to eliminate the defects of the application functioning.  For how long do we retain personal data?  We retain all Personal Data for as long as you use the Services and 24 months after you stop using the Services. If you do not use the Services for 24 continuous months  we erase your Personal Data from our data base  as well as request the same erasure from any third party  whom your Personal Data may have been transferred to. We may erase your Personal Data earlier if we do not need to process such data anymore.  If it is legally required that we retain your Personal Data for longer period for whatever purpose as stated in the applicable law  we will retain your Personal Data for the period determined by the law. We will immediately erase your Personal Data after such period expires or if the legal duty to retain such Personal Data is repealed.  We may retain your Personal Data longer only in case such Personal Data have been duly anonymized. After anonymization the data are not considered Personal Data  as the end user (the data subject) is no longer identifiable.  Please  take into account that erasure of Personal Data is irretrievable. After your Personal Data have been erased  you will not be able to exercise the right to access  the right to erasure  the right to rectification or the right to data portability.  Do we process any personal data of children?  The Services are intended to be used by end users older than 16 years old.  We do not use the Services to knowingly solicit data from or market to children under the age of 13.  If you believe that we process Personal Data of a child below 13 years old  please  contact us and we will make all reasonable efforts to stop processing such data and erase it as soon as possible.  What rights do you have with regard to your personal data?  Under the applicable data protection regulation  if you are a citizen of the EU and fall within the scope of a data subject  you are entitled to the following rights: right of access  right to rectification (correction)  right to erasure (deletion)  right to data portability  right to object  right to restriction of processing.   right of access. You have the right to access your Personal Data  which we process;  right of rectification (correction). You have the right to ask us to replace any inaccurate data about you with accurate data. If you think that the data we process are incomplete for the purpose of processing as stated in this Privacy Policy  you may ask us to complete your Personal Data accordingly;  right to erasure (deletion). You have the right to ask us to completely delete your Personal Data;  right to object. You have the right to object to processing of your Personal Data for the purpose of direct marketing;  right to restriction of processing. Please  be informed that this right may be exercised only in a situation set forth in Article 18 of General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679;  right to data portability. You have the right to ask us to receive the Personal Data concerning you  which you have provided to us  in a structured  commonly used and machine-readable format and have the right to transmit those data to another controller.   Do we control third-party web-sites?  This Privacy Policy may contain links to other web-sites that are not operated by us. If you click on such a link  you will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly recommend you to review the privacy policy and terms of use of every web-site you visit. Under no circumstances do we control third parties’ web-sites or assume any responsibility for the content  privacy policy  terms of use or practices of any third-party web-sites or services.  How do we advertise in the services?  We show advertisements in the Services with the help of third-party advertising partners. We integrate their technologies into the Services  which are then used by our partners to select the advertisements that meet your interests in the best way.  If you do not want to receive targeted advertisements  please  adjust settings of your device as instructed below.  How can you adjust privacy settings of your device?  If you want to adjust the privacy settings of your device  please  take the following steps:   iOS operating system: enable Limit Ad Tracking on iOS by opening “Settings ” then tapping on “Privacy ” then “Advertising”  and sliding the Limit Ad Tracking switch to “On”.  Android operating system: opt out of Ads Personalization on Android by opening “Settings”  then tapping “Google”  then “Ads”  then enable the switch next to “Opt out of Ads Personalization”.   How do we collect and process data for analytical purposes?  In order to analyze various aspects of the Services functioning  we need to collect and process certain information with regard to your interaction with the Services. Such information includes your location data  information about your device and advertising data. It may also comprise information about errors of the Services functioning. For this purpose we use technologies and solutions provided by third parties – our analytical partners. We integrate such technologies into the Services and our partners process the data on our behalf to provide us with analytics.  Processing data for analytical purposes is based on a legitimate interest of APP PRODAKSHN – analyzing data about the Services for commercial purposes. Analytics helps us to provide better services to users  update and develop the Services. For example  we may use such information in order to fix errors of the Services  evaluate demographic composition of our users  determine what features to add to the Services or whether we need to translate the Game into another language.  Changes to this privacy policy  We may need to change the Privacy Policy from time to time  and we encourage you to review it at least once per month. If you continue to use the Services after changes have been introduced to the Privacy Policy  this will mean that you have accepted such changes to the Privacy Policy.  In some cases  we may notify you of changes to the Privacy Policy with a prominent notice on the Services (for example by way of a notification or pop-up)  before the changes become effective and update the effective date at the top of this Privacy Policy.  Contact us  If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy  please contact us using the “Contact Us” email address on our web-site http://getfitapps.com or send us a message at [email protected] the following address: 6A ulitsa Ponomarenko  Minsk  220015  Belarus.   