     Privacy Policy of TrackYoga  This Application collects some Personal Data from its Users.  This document can be printed for reference by using the print command in the settings of any browser.  Policy summary    Personal Data collected for the following purposes and using the following services:   Access to third party services' accounts    Facebook account access  Permissions: About Me; Birthday; Email    Advertising    Kiip  Personal Data: email address; Usage Data    Analytics    Google Analytics  Google Analytics with anonymized IP and Parse Analytics  Personal Data: Cookies; Usage Data    Commercial affiliation    Amazon Affiliation  Personal Data: Cookies; Usage Data    Displaying content from external platforms    Google Fonts  Personal Data: Usage Data; various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service    Hosting and backend infrastructure    Amazon Web Services (AWS) and Parse Core & Push  Personal Data: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service    Infrastructure monitoring    Crashlytics  Personal Data: geographic position; unique device identifiers for advertising (Google Advertiser ID or IDFA  for example); various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service    Interaction with external social networks and platforms    Facebook Like button and social widgets  Personal Data: Cookies; Usage Data    Managing support and contact requests    Helpshift  Personal Data: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service    Registration and authentication    Facebook Authentication  Personal Data: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service    Social features    Inviting and suggesting friends  Personal Data: Various types of Data     Further information about Personal Data   Push notifications  This Application may send push notifications to the User.  Unique device identification  This Application may track Users by storing a unique identifier of their device  for analytics purposes or for storing Users' preferences.   Contact information   Owner and Data Controller  Eternal Karma Inc. 925 w oakdale ave  3F  chicago IL  USA  Owner contact email: trackyoga@gmail.com  Full policy Owner and Data Controller  Eternal Karma Inc. 925 w oakdale ave  3F  chicago IL  USA  Owner contact email: trackyoga@gmail.com    Types of Data collected  Among the types of Personal Data that this Application collects  by itself or through third parties  there are:     email address; Usage Data; Cookies; unique device identifiers for advertising (Google Advertiser ID or IDFA  for example); geographic position; Various types of Data.  Complete details on each type of Personal Data collected are provided in the dedicated sections of this privacy policy or by specific explanation texts displayed prior to the Data collection. Personal Data may be freely provided by the User  or  in case of Usage Data  collected automatically when using this Application. Unless specified otherwise  all Data requested by this Application is mandatory and failure to provide this Data may make it impossible for this Application to provide its services. In cases where this Application specifically states that some Data is not mandatory  Users are free not to communicate this Data without consequences to the availability or the functioning of the Service. Users who are uncertain about which Personal Data is mandatory are welcome to contact the Owner. Any use of Cookies – or of other tracking tools – by this Application or by the owners of third-party services used by this Application serves the purpose of providing the Service required by the User  in addition to any other purposes described in the present document and in the Cookie Policy  if available.  Users are responsible for any third-party Personal Data obtained  published or shared through this Application and confirm that they have the third party's consent to provide the Data to the Owner.    Mode and place of processing the Data  Methods of processing  The Owner takes appropriate security measures to prevent unauthorized access  disclosure  modification  or unauthorized destruction of the Data. The Data processing is carried out using computers and/or IT enabled tools  following organizational procedures and modes strictly related to the purposes indicated. In addition to the Owner  in some cases  the Data may be accessible to certain types of persons in charge  involved with the operation of this Application (administration  sales  marketing  legal  system administration) or external parties (such as third-party technical service providers  mail carriers  hosting providers  IT companies  communications agencies) appointed  if necessary  as Data Processors by the Owner. The updated list of these parties may be requested from the Owner at any time.  Legal basis of processing  The Owner may process Personal Data relating to Users if one of the following applies:   Users have given their consent for one or more specific purposes. Note: Under some legislations the Owner may be allowed to process Personal Data until the User objects to such processing (“opt-out”)  without having to rely on consent or any other of the following legal bases. This  however  does not apply  whenever the processing of Personal Data is subject to European data protection law;  provision of Data is necessary for the performance of an agreement with the User and/or for any pre-contractual obligations thereof;  processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which the Owner is subject;  processing is related to a task that is carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in the Owner;  processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by the Owner or by a third party.   In any case  the Owner will gladly help to clarify the specific legal basis that applies to the processing  and in particular whether the provision of Personal Data is a statutory or contractual requirement  or a requirement necessary to enter into a contract.  Place  The Data is processed at the Owner's operating offices and in any other places where the parties involved in the processing are located. Depending on the User's location  data transfers may involve transferring the User's Data to a country other than their own. To find out more about the place of processing of such transferred Data  Users can check the section containing details about the processing of Personal Data.  Users are also entitled to learn about the legal basis of Data transfers to a country outside the European Union or to any international organization governed by public international law or set up by two or more countries  such as the UN  and about the security measures taken by the Owner to safeguard their Data. If any such transfer takes place  Users can find out more by checking the relevant sections of this document or inquire with the Owner using the information provided in the contact section.  Retention time  Personal Data shall be processed and stored for as long as required by the purpose they have been collected for.  Therefore:   Personal Data collected for purposes related to the performance of a contract between the Owner and the User shall be retained until such contract has been fully performed.  Personal Data collected for the purposes of the Owner’s legitimate interests shall be retained as long as needed to fulfill such purposes. Users may find specific information regarding the legitimate interests pursued by the Owner within the relevant sections of  this document or by contacting the Owner.   The Owner may be allowed to retain Personal Data for a longer period whenever the User has given consent to such processing  as long as such consent is not withdrawn. Furthermore  the Owner may be obliged to retain Personal Data for a longer period whenever required to do so for the performance of a legal obligation or upon order of an authority. Once the retention period expires  Personal Data shall be deleted. Therefore  the right to access  the right to erasure  the right to rectification and the right to data portability cannot be enforced after expiration of the retention period.    The purposes of processing  The Data concerning the User is collected to allow the Owner to provide its Service  comply with its legal obligations  respond to enforcement requests  protect its rights and interests (or those of its Users or third parties)  detect any malicious or fraudulent activity  as well as the following:     Access to third party services' accounts  Advertising  Analytics  Commercial affiliation  Displaying content from external platforms  Hosting and backend infrastructure  Infrastructure monitoring  Interaction with external social networks and platforms  Managing support and contact requests  Registration and authentication and Social features.  For specific information about the Personal Data used for each purpose  the User may refer to the section “Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data”.    Facebook permissions asked by this Application  This Application may ask for some Facebook permissions allowing it to perform actions with the User's Facebook account and to retrieve information  including Personal Data  from it. This service allows this Application to connect with the User's account on the Facebook social network  provided by Facebook Inc.  For more information about the following permissions  refer to the Facebook permissions documentation and to the Facebook privacy policy .  The permissions asked are the following:  Basic information  By default  this includes certain User’s Data such as id  name  picture  gender  and their locale. Certain connections of the User  such as the Friends  are also available. If the User has made more of their Data public  more information will be available.  About Me  Provides access to the 'About Me' section of the profile.  Birthday  Provides access to the birthday.  Email  Provides access to the User's primary email address.    Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data  Personal Data is collected for the following purposes and using the following services: Access to third party services' accounts   This type of services allows this Application to access Data from your account on a third party service and perform actions with it. These services are not activated automatically  but require explicit authorization by the User.  Facebook account access (This Application)   This service allows this Application to connect with the User's account on the Facebook social network  provided by Facebook  Inc.  Permissions asked: About Me; Birthday; Email. Place of processing: US – Privacy Policy . Privacy Shield participant.   Advertising   This type of services allows User Data to be utilized for advertising communication purposes displayed in the form of banners and other advertisements on this Application  possibly based on User interests. This does not mean that all Personal Data are used for this purpose. Information and conditions of use are shown below. Some of the services listed below may use Cookies to identify Users or they may use the behavioral retargeting technique  i.e. displaying ads tailored to the User’s interests and behavior  including those detected outside this Application. For more information  please check the privacy policies of the relevant services.  Kiip (Kiip  Inc.)   Kiip is an advertising service provided by Kiip  Inc.  Personal Data processed: email address; Usage Data. Place of processing: US – Privacy Policy .   Analytics   The services contained in this section enable the Owner to monitor and analyze web traffic and can be used to keep track of User behavior.  Google Analytics (Google Inc.)   Google Analytics is a web analysis service provided by Google Inc. (“Google”). Google utilizes the Data collected to track and examine the use of this Application  to prepare reports on its activities and share them with other Google services. Google may use the Data collected to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.  Personal Data processed: Cookies; Usage Data. Place of processing: US – Privacy Policy – Opt Out .  Google Analytics with anonymized IP (Google Inc.)   Google Analytics is a web analysis service provided by Google Inc. (“Google”). Google utilizes the Data collected to track and examine the use of this Application  to prepare reports on its activities and share them with other Google services. Google may use the Data collected to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network. This integration of Google Analytics anonymizes your IP address. It works by shortening Users' IP addresses within member states of the European Union or in other contracting states to the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases will the complete IP address be sent to a Google server and shortened within the US.  Personal Data processed: Cookies; Usage Data. Place of processing: US – Privacy Policy – Opt Out .  Parse Analytics (Parse LLC.)   Parse Analytics is an analytics service provided by Parse LLC.  Personal Data processed: Cookies; Usage Data. Place of processing: US – Privacy Policy .   Commercial affiliation   This type of services allows this Application to display advertisements for third party products or services. Ads can be displayed either as advertising links or as banners using various kinds of graphics. Clicks on the icon or banner posted on the Application are tracked by the third-party services listed below  and are shared with this Application. For details of which data are collected  please refer to the privacy policy of each service.  Amazon Affiliation (Amazon)   Amazon Affiliation is a commercial affiliation service provided by Amazon.com Inc.  Personal Data processed: Cookies; Usage Data. Place of processing: US – Privacy Policy .   Displaying content from external platforms   This type of services allows you to view content hosted on external platforms directly from the pages of this Application and interact with them. This type of service might still collect web traffic data for the pages where the service is installed  even when Users do not use it.  Google Fonts (Google Inc.)   Google Fonts is a typeface visualization service provided by Google LLC or by Google Ireland Limited  depending on the location this Application is accessed from  that allows this Application to incorporate content of this kind on its pages.  Personal Data processed: Usage Data; various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service. Place of processing: US – Privacy Policy . Privacy Shield participant.   Hosting and backend infrastructure   This type of services has the purpose of hosting data and files that enable this Application to run and be distributed as well as to provide a ready-made infrastructure to run specific features or parts of this Application. Some of these services work through geographically distributed servers  making it difficult to determine the actual location where the Personal Data are stored.  Amazon Web Services (AWS) (Amazon)   Amazon Web Services (AWS) is a hosting and backend service provided by Amazon Web Services  Inc.  Personal Data processed: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service. Place of processing: See the Amazon privacy policy – Privacy Policy . Privacy Shield participant.  Parse Core & Push (Parse LLC.)   Parse Core & Push is a hosting and backend service provided by Parse LLC.  Personal Data processed: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service. Place of processing: US – Privacy Policy .   Infrastructure monitoring   This type of service allows this Application to monitor the use and behavior of its components so its performance  operation  maintenance and troubleshooting can be improved. Which Personal Data are processed depends on the characteristics and mode of implementation of these services  whose function is to filter the activities of this Application.  Crashlytics (Google Inc.)   Crashlytics is a monitoring service provided by Google LLC or by Google Ireland Limited  depending on the location this Application is accessed from.  Personal Data processed: geographic position; unique device identifiers for advertising (Google Advertiser ID or IDFA  for example); various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service. Place of processing: US – Privacy Policy .   Interaction with external social networks and platforms   This type of service allows interaction with social networks or other external platforms directly from the pages of this Application. The interaction and information obtained through this Application are always subject to the User’s privacy settings for each social network. This type of service might still collect traffic data for the pages where the service is installed  even when Users do not use it. It is recommended to log out from the respective services in order to make sure that the processed data on this Application isn’t being connected back to the User’s profile.  Facebook Like button and social widgets (Facebook  Inc.)   The Facebook Like button and social widgets are services allowing interaction with the Facebook social network provided by Facebook  Inc.  Personal Data processed: Cookies; Usage Data. Place of processing: US – Privacy Policy .   Managing support and contact requests   This type of services allows this Application to manage support and contact requests received via email or by other means  such as the contact form. The Personal Data processed depend on the information provided by the User in the messages and the means used for communication (e.g. email address).  Helpshift (Helpshift Inc.)   Helpshift is a support and contact request management service provided by Helpshift Inc.  Personal Data processed: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service. Place of processing: US – Privacy Policy .   Registration and authentication   By registering or authenticating  Users allow this Application to identify them and give them access to dedicated services. Depending on what is described below  third parties may provide registration and authentication services. In this case  this Application will be able to access some Data  stored by these third party services  for registration or identification purposes.  Facebook Authentication (Facebook  Inc.)   Facebook Authentication is a registration and authentication service provided by Facebook  Inc. and is connected to the Facebook social network.  Personal Data processed: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service. Place of processing: US – Privacy Policy .   Social features   Inviting and suggesting friends (This Application)   This Application may use the Personal Data provided to allow Users to invite their friends - for example through the address book  if access has been provided - and to suggest friends or connections inside it.  Personal Data processed: Various types of Data.   Further information about Personal Data Push notifications    This Application may send push notifications to the User.    Unique device identification    This Application may track Users by storing a unique identifier of their device  for analytics purposes or for storing Users' preferences.     The rights of Users  Users may exercise certain rights regarding their Data processed by the Owner.  In particular  Users have the right to do the following:   Withdraw their consent at any time. Users have the right to withdraw consent where they have previously given their consent to the processing of their Personal Data.  Object to processing of their Data. Users have the right to object to the processing of their Data if the processing is carried out on a legal basis other than consent. Further details are provided in the dedicated section below.  Access their Data. Users have the right to learn if Data is being processed by the Owner  obtain disclosure regarding certain aspects of the processing and obtain a copy of the Data undergoing processing.  Verify and seek rectification. Users have the right to verify the accuracy of their Data and ask for it to be updated or corrected.  Restrict the processing of their Data. Users have the right  under certain circumstances  to restrict the processing of their Data. In this case  the Owner will not process their Data for any purpose other than storing it.  Have their Personal Data deleted or otherwise removed. Users have the right  under certain circumstances  to obtain the erasure of their Data from the Owner.  Receive their Data and have it transferred to another controller. Users have the right to receive their Data in a structured  commonly used and machine readable format and  if technically feasible  to have it transmitted to another controller without any hindrance. This provision is applicable provided that the Data is processed by automated means and that the processing is based on the User's consent  on a contract which the User is part of or on pre-contractual obligations thereof.  Lodge a complaint. Users have the right to bring a claim before their competent data protection authority.   Details about the right to object to processing  Where Personal Data is processed for a public interest  in the exercise of an official authority vested in the Owner or for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by the Owner  Users may object to such processing by providing a ground related to their particular situation to justify the objection.  Users must know that  however  should their Personal Data be processed for direct marketing purposes  they can object to that processing at any time without providing any justification. To learn  whether the Owner is processing Personal Data for direct marketing purposes  Users may refer to the relevant sections of this document.  How to exercise these rights  Any requests to exercise User rights can be directed to the Owner through the contact details provided in this document. These requests can be exercised free of charge and will be addressed by the Owner as early as possible and always within one month.    Cookie Policy  This Application uses Trackers. To learn more  the User may consult the Cookie Policy .    Additional information about Data collection and processing  Legal action  The User's Personal Data may be used for legal purposes by the Owner in Court or in the stages leading to possible legal action arising from improper use of this Application or the related Services. The User declares to be aware that the Owner may be required to reveal personal data upon request of public authorities.  Additional information about User's Personal Data  In addition to the information contained in this privacy policy  this Application may provide the User with additional and contextual information concerning particular Services or the collection and processing of Personal Data upon request.  System logs and maintenance  For operation and maintenance purposes  this Application and any third-party services may collect files that record interaction with this Application (System logs) use other Personal Data (such as the IP Address) for this purpose.  Information not contained in this policy  More details concerning the collection or processing of Personal Data may be requested from the Owner at any time. Please see the contact information at the beginning of this document.  How “Do Not Track” requests are handled  This Application does not support “Do Not Track” requests. To determine whether any of the third-party services it uses honor the “Do Not Track” requests  please read their privacy policies.  Changes to this privacy policy  The Owner reserves the right to make changes to this privacy policy at any time by notifying its Users on this page and possibly within this Application and/or - as far as technically and legally feasible - sending a notice to Users via any contact information available to the Owner. It is strongly recommended to check this page often  referring to the date of the last modification listed at the bottom. Should the changes affect processing activities performed on the basis of the User’s consent  the Owner shall collect new consent from the User  where required. Definitions and legal references   Personal Data (or Data)  Any information that directly  indirectly  or in connection with other information — including a personal identification number — allows for the identification or identifiability of a natural person.  Usage Data  Information collected automatically through this Application (or third-party services employed in this Application)  which can include: the IP addresses or domain names of the computers utilized by the Users who use this Application  the URI addresses (Uniform Resource Identifier)  the time of the request  the method utilized to submit the request to the server  the size of the file received in response  the numerical code indicating the status of the server's answer (successful outcome  error  etc.)  the country of origin  the features of the browser and the operating system utilized by the User  the various time details per visit (e.g.  the time spent on each page within the Application) and the details about the path followed within the Application with special reference to the sequence of pages visited  and other parameters about the device operating system and/or the User's IT environment.  User  The individual using this Application who  unless otherwise specified  coincides with the Data Subject.  Data Subject  The natural person to whom the Personal Data refers.  Data Processor (or Data Supervisor)  The natural or legal person  public authority  agency or other body which processes Personal Data on behalf of the Controller  as described in this privacy policy.  Data Controller (or Owner)  The natural or legal person  public authority  agency or other body which  alone or jointly with others  determines the purposes and means of the processing of Personal Data  including the security measures concerning the operation and use of this Application. The Data Controller  unless otherwise specified  is the Owner of this Application.  This Application  The means by which the Personal Data of the User is collected and processed.  Service  The service provided by this Application as described in the relative terms (if available) and on this site/application.  European Union (or EU)  Unless otherwise specified  all references made within this document to the European Union include all current member states to the European Union and the European Economic Area.  Cookies  Small piece of data stored in the User's device.   Legal information  This privacy statement has been prepared based on provisions of multiple legislations  including Art. 13/14 of Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (General Data Protection Regulation).  This privacy policy relates solely to this Application  if not stated otherwise within this document.  Latest update: May 25  2018   iubenda hosts this content and only collects the Personal Data strictly necessary for it to be provided.      