          7 MINUTE WORKOUT ®   The Workout App That Helps You Make Every Minute Count! With more than 3 million downloads  The Johnson & Johnson Official 7 Minute Workout® App is the fast  simple  science-based way to work out anywhere  anytime. Designed by Chris Jordan  Director of Exercise Physiology at the Johnson & Johnson Human Performance Institute  the workout has helped people around the world get the most out of every minute. And now our world class  personalized workout experience is on Apple Watch – so your workout is always with you! Play App Preview     7 MINUTE WORKOUT ®   The Workout App That Helps You Make Every Minute Count – Now On Apple Watch! With more than 3 million downloads  The Johnson & Johnson Official 7 Minute Workout® App is the fast  simple  science-based way to work out anywhere  anytime. Designed by Chris Jordan  Director of Exercise Physiology at the Johnson & Johnson Human Performance Institute  the workout has helped over 3 million people get the most out of every minute. And now our world class  personalized workout experience is on Apple Watch – so your workout is always with you!  7 MINUTE WORKOUT     TRIED & TRUE   Chris Jordan pioneered a new approach to fitness with the 7 Minute Workout. But that was just the beginning. With this app you’ll feel like you have a personal trainer—with guidance on proper form and motivation.  MORE EXERCISES   72 exercises and 22 additional workouts that can be customized and modified to create more than 1 000 variations to help keep you motivated and moving.  SMARTER WORKOUTS   Features Smart Workout   which gauges your fitness and motivation level and recommends different workout programs along with intensity increases.    DYNAMIC  WORKOUT VIEWS     Music  Let your music be your guide.      Instructional  Let Chris Jordan show you the way.      Timer  Let time be on your side.   DYNAMIC  WORKOUT VIEWS    Music  Let your music be your guide. Instructional  Let Chris Jordan show you the way. Timer  Let time be on your side.       Mind  body  and music.   You can do one  two or three circuits. You can watch the clock  the trainer  or listen to and control music during your workout. You can even swap out workouts to keep things interesting. Of course  you can also stick with the original 7 Minute Workout.       Watch it. Do it.   The power of this workout is that it’s simple to do. Follow along with Chris Jordan  who will teach you the correct way to do each movement. All you will need is a wall and a chair to complete the workout.       Track it. Share it.   Easily log your workouts so you can track your progress. You can also share a snapshot of your training with friends. Nothing like a little healthy competition or a motivating partnership to help keep you going. See the days  number of cycles  and effort. Tracking and sharing your workouts is almost as fun as doing them.   Fitness that fits into your life.   Life is complicated…moving your body should be easy. It’s like holding a gym in your hand. Take it with you when you travel. The 7 Minute Workout is portable  powerful  and proven.    Fitness that fits into your life.   Life is complicated…moving your body should be easy. It’s like holding a gym in your hand. Take it with you when you travel. The 7 Minute Workout is portable  powerful  and proven.      Share     Legal Notice    Cookie Policy    Privacy Policy    Do Not Sell My Personal Information    Johnson & Johnson      Legal Notice    Cookie Policy    Privacy Policy    Do Not Sell My Personal Information    Johnson & Johnson    © Johnson & Johnson Health and Wellness Solutions  Inc. 2018 | New Brunswick NJ  USA | All rights reserved.      ×     All content of this Internet site is owned or controlled by © 2017 Johnson & Johnson Health and Wellness Solutions  Inc. and is protected by worldwide copyright laws. You may download content only for your personal use for non-commercial purposes but no modification or further reproduction of the content is permitted. The content may otherwise not be copied or used in any way.  The owners of this site will use reasonable efforts to include up-to-date and accurate information in this Internet site  but make no representations  warranties  or assurances as to the accuracy  currency  or completeness of the information provided. The owners of this site shall not be liable for any damages or injury resulting from your access to  or inability to access  this Internet site  or from your reliance on any information provided at this Internet site.  This Internet site may provide links or references to other sites but the owners of this site have no responsibility for the content of such other sites and shall not be liable for any damages or injury arising from that content. Any links to other sites are provided as merely a convenience to the users of this Internet site.  The trademarks  service marks  trade names  trade dress and products in this Internet site are protected in the United States and internationally. No use of any of these may be made without the prior  written authorization of the owners of this site  except to identify the products or services of the company.  Any personally identifiable information in electronic communications to this Internet site is governed by this site’s Privacy Policy . The owners of this site shall be free to use or copy all other information in any such communications  including any ideas  inventions  concepts  techniques or know-how disclosed therein  for any purposes. Such purposes may include disclosure to third parties and/or developing  manufacturing and/or marketing goods or services.  The sender of any communications to this Internet site or otherwise to the owners of this site shall be responsible for the content and information contained therein  including its truthfulness and accuracy.  All photographs and images  unless otherwise noted  are copyright © 2017 Johnson & Johnson Health and Wellness Solutions  Inc.  All contents © 2017 Johnson & Johnson Health and Wellness Solutions  Inc.. All Rights Reserved.    This Cookie Policy describes the use of cookies and similar technologies (e.g.  local storage) used by our website to store information on your computer or other device. We use cookies and similar technologies for the following purposes:  - Managing your sessions on the website  - Delivering website content to you  - Understanding how the website is used  - Engaging with online advertising partners so that they can deliver our message to you even if you are away from our website.  We use third-party website analytics and advertising partners to assist us.  You have control of our use of cookies through the cookie banner and Cookie Preferences tool. You can review and change your cookie settings per cookie category (except for strictly necessary cookies that are required for the proper functioning of the website) by selecting the “Cookie Settings” button.   Cookie Settings   You can also block or delete cookies using settings in your browser. Refer to your browser instructions for more information. Cookies that are essential to the correct operations of the website—such as for session management and content management—should not be blocked. If they are blocked  the website will not function as intended. Rather  if you choose  you could delete them after you are done using the website. Cookies set by our website analytics and advertising service providers are not essential to the operation of the website but are important for us to understand about how the website is used. You could block them without impairing your use of the website.  The trademarks  service marks  trade names  trade dress and products in this Internet site are protected in the United States and internationally. No use of any of these may be made without the prior  written authorization of the owners of this site  except to identify the products or services of the company.  Links to Other Websites  This website contains links and references to other websites. Please be aware that we do not control the cookies or tracking technologies of other websites  and this Cookie Policy does not apply to those websites.  Contact Us  If you have questions  comments  or concerns about this Cookie Policy or the information practices of this site  please use the contact information included in our Privacy Policy .  Updates to this Cookie Policy  We may change this Cookie Policy as our use of cookies and similar technologies changes. You may change your settings as well. Last Update: 25 May 2018    PRIVACY STATEMENT FOR THE  7-MINUTE WORKOUT APP WEBSITE  Please use these links to  access supplemental Privacy Notices: Privacy Notice for California Residents  Privacy Notice for Nevada Residents   Johnson & Johnson Health and Wellness Solutions  cares about your privacy and wants you to be familiar with how we collect  use   and disclose information.  This Privacy  Policy describes our practices in connection with information that we or our  service providers collect through the website or application (hereinafter the “ Service ”)  operated and controlled by us from which you are accessing this Privacy  Policy.  By providing personal  information to us or by using the Service  you acknowledge that you have read  and understand this Privacy Policy.  USE BY  MINORS The Service is not directed to individuals under the age of 18  and we  request that these individuals not provide personal information through the  Service. If your child has submitted Personal Information  and you would like to request that such Personal Information be removed  please  contact us as explained below under “Contacting Us.”  INFORMATION  COLLECTION We may ask you to submit personal information in order for you to  benefit from certain features (such as newsletter subscriptions  tips/pointers   or order processing) or to participate in a particular activity (such as  sweepstakes or other promotions).  You  will be informed what information is required and what information is optional. We may combine the information you submit with other information we have  collected from you  whether on‑ or offline  including  for example  from  programs in which you participate.  We  may also combine it with information we receive about you from other  sources.  You will be provided with  explicit consents regarding collection and sharing of that information. If you submit any personal information relating to another individual to  us  you represent that you have the authority to do so and to permit us to use  the information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Our blog websites and other public comment functions are by design open  to the public and are not private. Please think carefully before posting  personal information in your comments and in any public forum. Your posts and  comments may be viewed  disclosed to  or shared by others and may be used by  others in ways you and We cannot control  including to contact you for other  purposes.  SENSITIVE  INFORMATION Unless we specifically request or invite it  we ask  that you not send us  and you not disclose  any sensitive personal information  (e.g.  Social Security numbers  information related to racial or ethnic origin   political opinions  religion or philosophical beliefs  health  sex life or  sexual orientation  criminal background  or trade union membership  or  biometric or genetic data for the purpose of uniquely identifying an  individual) on or through the Service or otherwise to us.  AUTOMATIC INFORMATION COLLECTION AND USE  We and our service providers may collect certain information  automatically as you navigate around the Service.  Please read the Cookie Policy for detailed  information about the cookies and other tracking technologies used on the  Service.  The Cookie Policy includes  information on how you may disable these technologies.  If you do not disable them and continue to  use our Service  we will infer your consent to their use. We and our service providers may also automatically collect and use information  in the following ways:   Through your browser :  Certain information is collected by most  browsers  such as your Media Access Control (MAC) address  computer type  (Windows or Mac)  screen resolution  operating system name and version  and  Internet browser type and version.  We  may collect similar information  such as your device type and identifier  if  you access the Service through a mobile device.   We use this information to ensure that the Service functions properly.   IP address :  Your IP  address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer by your  Internet Service Provider.  An IP address  is identified and logged automatically in our server log files whenever a user  visits the Service  along with the time of the visit and the pages visited.  Collecting IP addresses is standard practice  and is done automatically by many online services.  We use IP addresses for purposes such as  calculating Service usage levels  diagnosing server problems  and administering  the Service.  We may also derive your  approximate location from your IP address.   Device Information :  We may collect information about your mobile  device  such as a unique device identifier  to understand how you use the  Service.  HOW WE  USE AND DISCLOSE INFORMATION We use and disclose information you provide to us as described to you at  the point of collection.  Please see the  section entitled “Choices and Access ” below  to learn how you may opt out of  certain of our uses and disclosures.  Where required by applicable  law  we will obtain your consent to our use of your personal information at the  point of information collection.  We may  also use information from or about you as necessary to perform a contract  to  comply with a legal obligation (for example  due to our pharmacovigilance  obligations)  or for our legitimate business interests.  We may also rely on other legal bases   specifically for:    Providing the functionality  of the Service and fulfilling your requests.   to provide the functionality  of the Service to you and providing you with related customer service;  to respond to your inquiries  and fulfill your requests  such as to send you documents you request or e‑mail  alerts;  to send you important  information regarding our relationship with you or regarding the Service   changes to our terms  conditions  and policies and/or other administrative  information.    We will engage in these  activities to manage our contractual relationship with you and/or to comply  with a legal obligation.   Accomplishing our business  purposes.   for data analysis  for  example  to improve the efficiency of the Service;  for audits  to verify that  our internal processes function as intended and are compliant with legal   regulatory  or contractual requirements;  for fraud and security  monitoring purposes  for example  to detect and prevent cyberattacks or  attempts to commit identity theft;  for developing new products  and services;  for enhancing  improving or  modifying our website or products and services;  for identifying Service usage  trends  for example  understanding which parts of our Service are of most  interest to users; and  for determining the  effectiveness of our promotional campaigns  so that we can adapt our campaigns  to the needs and interests of our users.    We will engage in these  activities to manage our contractual relationship with you  to comply with a  legal obligation  and/or because we have a legitimate interest.   Analysis of Personal  Information to provide personalized services.   to better understand you  so  that we can personalize our interactions with you and provide you with  information and/or offers tailored to your interests;  to better understand your  preferences so that we can deliver content via the Service that we believe will  be relevant and interesting to you.    We will  provide personalized services either with your consent or because we have a  legitimate interest. We also disclose information collected through the  Service:   to our  affiliates for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy.  A list of our affiliates is available at http://www.investor.jnj.com/governance/sec‑filings.cfm (click on the link for Form 10K   Exhibit 21  under “SEC Filings”).   Johnson & Johnson Health and Wellness Solutions is the party  responsible for the management of the jointly‑used Personal Information;  to our  third party partners with whom we offer a co‑branded or co‑marketed promotion;  to our  third party service providers who provide services such as website hosting and  moderating  mobile application hosting  data analysis  payment processing   order fulfillment  infrastructure provision  IT services  customer service  e‑mail  and direct mail delivery services  auditing  and other services  in order to  enable them to provide services; and  as  permitted by applicable law  to a third party in the event of any  reorganization  merger  sale  joint venture  assignment  transfer  or other  disposition of all or any portion of our business  assets  or stock (including  in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceedings).   In addition  we may use and disclose your information as we believe to  be necessary or appropriate: (a) to comply with legal process or applicable  law  which may include laws outside your country of residence; (b) as permitted  by applicable law to respond to requests from public and government  authorities  which may include authorities outside your country of residence;  (c) to enforce our terms and conditions; and (d) to protect our rights   privacy  safety  or property  and/or that of our affiliates  you  or  others.  We may also use and disclose  your information in other ways  after obtaining your consent to do so. We may use and disclose information we collect  automatically as described above  under “Automatic Information Collection and  Use.” In addition  where allowed by applicable law  we  may use and disclose information that is not in personally identifiable form  for any purpose.  If we combine  information that is not in personally identifiable form with information that  is identifiable (such as combining your name with your geographical location)   we will treat the combined information as personal information as long as it is  combined.  CHOICES  AND ACCESS  Your  choices regarding our use and disclosure of your personal information We give you choices regarding our use and disclosure of your personal  information for marketing purposes.  You  may opt out from:   Receiving marketing  communications from us :  If you no longer want to receive marketing  communications from us on a going‑forward basis  you may opt out of receiving  them by contacting us via the information in the “Contact Us” section  below.  In addition  you may opt out of  receiving marketing e‑mails from us by following the unsubscribe instructions  provided in any such message.  In your  request to us  please provide your name  identify the form(s) of marketing  communications that you no longer wish to receive  and include the address(es)  to which it/they are sent.  For example   if you no longer wish to receive marketing e‑mails or direct mail from us  tell  us that  and provide your name and e‑mail or postal address.  Receiving reminders from us :   If you no longer want to receive medical reminders from us on a going‑forward  basis  you may opt out of receiving them by contacting us via the information  in the “Contact Us” section below.  In  your response to us  please provide your name and the e‑mail address or phone  number at which you receive reminders from us.  Our sharing of your personal  information with affiliates and third‑party partners :   If you previously opted in to receiving marketing communications from  our affiliates or third party partners  you may opt out of our sharing of your  personal information with those parties for their direct marketing purposes on  a going‑forward basis by contacting us via the information in the “Contact Us”  section below.  In your communication to  us  please state that we should no longer share your personal information with  our affiliates and/or third‑party partners for their marketing purposes  and  include your name and e‑mail address.   We will seek to comply with your request(s) as soon as reasonably  practicable.  Please note that if you opt  out as described above  we will not be able to remove your personal information  from the databases of our affiliates with which we have already shared your  information (i.e.  as of the date that we implement your opt‑out request).  Please also note that if you opt out of  receiving marketing‑related messages from us  we may still send you important  transactional and administrative messages  from which you cannot opt out. We will not sell or otherwise give information about you to other  parties for their marketing purposes.  How you  can access  change  or delete your personal information If you would like to review  correct  update  restrict  or delete your  personal information  or if you would like to request to receive an electronic  copy of your personal information for purposes of transmitting it to another  company (to the extent these rights are provided to you by applicable law)   please contact us via the information included in the “Contacting Us” section  below.  We will respond to your request  as soon as reasonably practicable and no later than one month after receipt. If circumstances cause any delay in our response  you will be promptly  notified and provided a date for our response.  CROSS‑BORDER  TRANSFER Your personal information may be stored and processed in any country  where we have facilities or service providers  and by using our Service or by  providing consent to us (where required by law)  your information may be  transferred to countries outside of your country of residence  including to the  United States  which may provide for different data protection rules than in  your country.  Appropriate contractual  and other measures are in place to protect personal information when it is  transferred to our affiliates or third parties in other countries.  Some non-European Economic Area (EEA) countries are recognized by the  European Commission as providing an adequate level of data protection according  to EEA standards (the full list of these countries is available here . For  transfers from the EEA to countries not considered adequate by the European  Commission  we have ensured that adequate measures are in place  including by  ensuring that the recipient is bound by [EU Standard Contractual Clauses  EU-US  Privacy Shield Certification  or an EU-approved code of conduct or  certification]  to protect your Personal Information.  You may obtain a copy of these measures by  contacting our data protection officer in accordance with the “ Contacting Us ” section below.    SECURITY We seek to use reasonable organizational  technical  and administrative  measures designed to protect personal information under our control.  Unfortunately  no data transmission over the Internet  or data storage system can be guaranteed to be 100% secure.  If you have reason to believe that your  interaction with us is no longer secure (for example  if you feel that the  security of any account you have with us has been compromised)  please immediately  notify us in accordance with the “ Contacting  Us ” section below.  RETENTION  PERIOD We will retain your personal information for as long as needed or  permitted in light of the purpose(s) for which it was obtained.  The criteria used to determine our retention  periods include:  (i) the length of time  we have an ongoing relationship with you and provide the Service to you; (ii)  whether there is a legal obligation to which we are subject; and (iii) whether  retention is advisable in light of our legal position (such as in regard to  applicable statutes of limitations  litigation  or regulatory investigations).  For example  if we collect your personal  information for subscribing to receive communications  we will store it for a  period of ten years.  Any requests that  you make directly to us via the information in the “Contacting Us” below  will  also store it for a period of ten years.   For information that you provide to us through specific programs in  which you participate  you will be provided with explicit consents regarding  collection and sharing of that information.  Please note  however  that this is not an  exhaustive list of retention periods.   Your personal information may be stored for a longer period using the  criteria set forth in the first paragraph of this section  especially points  (ii) and (iii).  THIRD  PARTY SITES AND SERVICES This Privacy Policy does not address  and we are not responsible for   the privacy  information  or other practices of any third parties  including  any third party operating any site or online service (including  without  limitation  any application) that is available through this Service or to which  this Service contains a link.  The  availability of  or inclusion of a link to  any such site or property on the  Service does not imply endorsement of it by us or by our affiliates.  CONTACTING  US Johnson & Johnson Health and Wellness Solutions  located at 1  Johnson & Johnson Plaza  Atrium 7  New Brunswick  NJ 08933  is the company  responsible for collection  use  and disclosure of personal information under  this Privacy Policy. If you have any questions about this Privacy  Policy  please contact us via Contact Us Link  e‑mail at admin@healthmedia.com   or please write to the following address: Client Services Johnson & Johnson Health and Wellness Solutions  Inc. Atrium 7 One Johnson & Johnson Plaza New Brunswick  New Jersey 08933   You may also contact our data protection officer responsible for your  country or region  if applicable  at emeaprivacy@its.jnj.com .   LODGING A  COMPLAINT WITH A REGULATOR You may lodge a complaint with a supervisory  authority competent for your country or region.   Please click here for  contact information for such authorities.   UPDATES  TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY  We may change this Privacy Policy.   Any changes to this Privacy Policy will become effective when we post  the revised Privacy Policy on the Service.   Your use of the Service following these changes means that you accept  the revised Privacy Policy.  We recommend  that you regularly review the Privacy Policy when you visit the Service. This  policy was last updated on November 25  2019.    PRIVACY NOTICE FOR CALIFORNIA  RESIDENTS Effective:  January 1  2020 This  Privacy Notice for California Residents supplements the information contained  in the Johnson & Johnson Global Privacy Policy (above)  and applies only to  California residents (“You ” “your” or “consumer”).  Personal Information Collection and  Purposes of Use We  collect and use information that identifies  relates to  describes  references   is capable of being associated with  or could reasonably be linked  directly or  indirectly  to you or your devices when you visit this website  provide us your  personal information  or have a contractual or business relationship with us or  any of our affiliates  (“Personal Information”).  Such Personal Information includes direct  identifiers like a name  postal address  email address  social security number  or other government identifier  and indirect identifiers that may identify   relate to  or be associated with a particular individual  such as a telephone  number  device identifier  IP address and browsing history  credit card  information  or inferences about consumer preferences or characteristics. We  collect this Personal Information for the following purposes:    to respond to your inquiries  and to fulfill your requests;  to send you important  information regarding our relationship with you or regarding this website   changes to our terms  conditions  and policies and/or other administrative  information;  for audits  to verify that  our internal processes function as intended and are compliant with legal   regulatory  or contractual requirements;  for fraud or crime  prevention  and for technical security monitoring purposes;  to facilitate the development  of new products and services;  to enhance  improve or modify  our website or products and services;  for data analysis that will  allow us to understand website usage trends;  to determine the  effectiveness of our promotional campaigns  so that we can adapt our campaigns  to the needs and interests of our users.  to better understand you  so  that we can personalize our interactions with you and provide you with  information and/or offers tailored to your interests;    Our Personal Information Handling  Practices in 2019 In  the preceding 12 months  we have collected the following categories of Personal  Information from California residents who have visited this website  provided  us their Personal Information  or had or have a contractual or business  relationship with us or any of our affiliates:   Direct identifiers as described above  Indirect identifiers as described above.   We  have collected such Personal Information from one or more of the following  categories of sources:   Information that you submit or share directly  with us  through registrations  surveys  applications  or telephone calls  and  email and postal communications;  Information passively collected from cookies  and other website analytics;  Information collected through third parties  or from your browsing activity on other sites  such as on social media  platforms  and public databases;  From one or more of our affiliates with which  you have a business relationship;  Service providers with which we have a  contractual relationship and to which you have provided your Personal  Information   We  collected such Personal Information for the purposes noted above (see “Personal  Information Collection and Purposes of Use”) and in the J&J Global Privacy  Policy (see “How We Use and Disclose Information”): We  may have shared such Personal Information with the following categories of  third parties:   Service providers that help us to run our  business  such as call centers and order fulfillment and distribution  companies  credit card processing companies  web hosting and development  companies  and direct marketing agencies  Vendors that help us track the effectiveness  of advertisements on our Sites  Vendors that help us to provide you with program   services or educational information we believe may be of interest to you  Third parties with which we jointly market a  product  Affiliates and subsidiaries that may have or  may want to seek a business relationship with you   We  collected one or more of the following specific pieces of personal information:   Legal name  nickname  signature  email  address  postal address  social security number  date of birth  driver’s  license number  physical characteristics or description  educational level   current employment or employment history  biometric information  and/or  geolocation data  Account name  bank account number  credit  card number  debit card number  or any other financial information  medical  information and/or health insurance information  Online identifier  Internet Protocol address   Internet or other electronic network activity information  including  but not  limited to  browsing history  search history  and information regarding a  consumer’s interaction with an Internet Web site  application  or advertisement   Unless  specifically stated  we do not share  disclose or sell personal information to  third parties for their own use  but we do share your personal information with  our affiliates and trusted partners in arrangements that may meet the broad definition  of “sale” under California law.  In these  arrangements  use of the information we share is limited by policies   contracts  or similar restrictions. We  did not sell any consumers' personal information in the preceding 12 months.  Your  Privacy Rights You have the following rights regarding our  collection and use of your personal information.  To exercise those rights  you must submit a  request by either calling us at 800-937-5742 or by clicking here .  We  may ask you to provide additional information to verify your request.  We may not discriminate against you if you  exercise your rights as described in this notice.  For example  we may not deny goods or services  to you  or charge you different prices or rates  or provide a different level  of quality of products or services.  Right to Information You have the right to request the following  information regarding the personal information we have collected about you:   Categories of personal information collected  about you  and sources from which collected;  Our purpose for collecting personal  information;  Categories of third parties with which the  personal information was shared; and  Specific pieces of personal information  collected about consumers.   You have the right to request the following  information regarding the personal information we have sold or disclosed about  you:   Categories of your personal information sold  in the preceding 12 months;  Categories of third parties to whom your  personal information has been disclosed;  Categories of personal information that we  disclosed about consumers for a business purpose.   Right to Opt Out of Sharing  Disclosure   or Sale of Personal Information You have the right to direct us to not share   disclose  or sell your personal information.   To exercise this right  you or your authorized representative may submit  a request by clicking here .  Right to Request Deletion You have the right to request that we delete  the personal information we have about you.   However  we are not required to delete information if it is necessary to  retain your information to:   Complete the transaction for which the  personal information was collected  provide a good or service requested by you   or a transaction reasonably anticipated within the context of our or one of our  affiliate’s ongoing business relationship with you  or to otherwise perform a  contract we have with you.  Detect security incidents  protect against  malicious  deceptive  fraudulent or illegal activity or prosecute those  responsible for that activity.  Debug to identify and repair errors that  impair existing intended functionality.  Exercise free speech  ensure the right of  another consumer to exercise his or her right of free speech  or exercise  another right provided for by law.  Comply with the California Electronic  Communications Privacy Act pursuant to Chapter 3.6 (commencing with Section  1546) of Title 12 of Part 2 of the Penal Code.  Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific   historical  or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all  other applicable ethics and privacy laws  when deletion of the information is  likely to render impossible or seriously impact the achievement of such  research  if you have provided informed consent.  Facilitate solely internal uses that are  reasonably aligned with your expectations based on your relationship with us or  one of our affiliates.  Comply with a legal obligation.  Otherwise use the personal information   internally  in a lawful manner that is compatible with the context in which it  was provided.   Contact  Us You  can contact us with questions about this Privacy  Notice for California Residents or to exercise your rights as described in  this Notice.  Telephone  number:  800-937-5742    Postal address: Client Services Johnson & Johnson Health and Wellness Solutions  Inc. Atrium 7 One Johnson & Johnson Plaza New Brunswick  New Jersey 08933 Contact  Title: Compliance Manager   SUPPLEMENTAL PRIVACY NOTICE FOR  NEVADA RESIDENTS  Effective:  October 1  2019 This  Supplemental Privacy Notice for Nevada Residents adds to the information  contained in the Johnson & Johnson Global Privacy Policy (above)  and  applies only to Nevada residents (“You ” “your” or “consumer”).  Personal Information Collection and  Purposes of Use We collect certain personal  information of Nevada consumers through our Internet websites or other online  service.  This information includes one  or more of the following elements of personally identifiable information:  1.  A first and last name. 2.  A home or other physical address that  includes the name of a street and the name of a city or town. 3.  An electronic mail address. 4.  A telephone number. 5.  A Social Security Number. 6.  An identifier that allows a specific person to be contacted either  physically or online. 7.  Any  other information concerning a person collected from the person through the Internet website or  online service of the operator  and maintained by the operator in combination with an  identifier in a form that makes the information personally identifiable.  We  collect this personal information for the following purposes:    to respond to your inquiries  and to fulfill your requests;  to send you important  information regarding our relationship with you or regarding this website   changes to our terms  conditions  and policies and/or other administrative  information;  for audits  to verify that  our internal processes function as intended and are compliant with legal   regulatory  or contractual requirements;  for fraud or crime  prevention  and for technical security monitoring purposes;  to facilitate the development  of new products and services;  to enhance  improve or modify  our website or products and services;  for data analysis that will allow  us to understand website usage trends;  to determine the  effectiveness of our promotional campaigns  so that we can adapt our campaigns  to the needs and interests of our users.  to better understand you  so  that we can personalize our interactions with you and provide you with  information and/or offers tailored to your interests.    Your Privacy Rights  Right to access and/or correct your personal information   or opt out of sale of personal information If  you would like to review  correct  or update your personal information  you or  your authorized representative may submit your request here . We will respond to your verified request as  soon as reasonably practicable  but no later than sixty (60) days after  receipt.  If circumstances cause any delay  in our response  you will be promptly notified and provided a date for our  response. We  generally do not disclose or share personal information for profit.  Under Nevada law  you have the right to  direct us to not sell or license your personal information to third  parties.  To exercise this right  if  applicable  you or your authorized representative may submit a request to here . We will respond to your verified request as  soon as reasonably practicable  but no later than sixty (60) days after  receipt.  If circumstances cause any  delay in our response  you will be promptly notified and provided a date for  our response.  Contact  Us You can contact us with questions about this Privacy Notice for Nevada Residents or  to exercise your rights as described in this Notice.    ✖      