       Menu Round1Fight    Games  Apps  News  About  Support  Round1Fight      Privacy Policy    Round1Fight Privacy Policy  Last updated on 2 December 2018.  A quick summary:  1. This document explains what information is collected regarding the Round1Fight games and services. 2. It also explains how we use that information  where we store it and how we protect it. 3. We can share the information with partners for the purpose of providing the Round1Fight Services. 4. We will not share your information for third party advertising purposes. 5. We explain your rights in relation to the information.  This Privacy Policy explains to you how your personal information is collected and stored and what happens to it regarding the Round1Fight Services. Because we know legal wording is not much fun  we have included a short and informal summary of each section (but the full version is the legally binding one). If you have any queries you can contact us at support@round1fight.com.  1. WHO WE ARE AND WHAT THIS PRIVACY POLICY GOVERNS  This Privacy Policy explains the different kinds of information Round1Fight can collect from you when you’re using the Round1Fight Services. Legally  we cannot and will not collect personal information about children below 13 without parental/guardian involvement. We will comply with applicable privacy laws.  We can change this Privacy Policy  but if we do we will put the changed version online and normally it will take effect 30 days afterwards. Please feel free to contact us if you have any questions with regards to the changes.  1.1. Who is Round1Fight? We are SAM3 Media Ltd.  incorporated and registered in Malta with company number C85236 having an address at Suite 20  4th Floor nd Ewropa Business Centre  Dun Karm Street  Birkirkara BKR 9034  Malta (“Round1Fight”).  1.2. Which services does this Privacy Policy apply to? This Privacy Policy applies to our video games including Flik Flak Football  Football Tycoon  our websites (including but not limited to www.sunsetgames.com  www.football-tycoon.com)  plus all other Round1Fight products and services  including (but not limited to) user accounts  customer and technical support  official forums  wikis  blogs and social media services (we will just refer to “Round1Fight Services” to cover all these things).  1.3. What information does this Privacy Policy apply to? Specifically  this Privacy Policy governs personal information (or  in the USA  personally identifiable information) and non-personal information (or  in the USA  non-personally identifiable information)  which we collect from you when you are using the Round1Fight Services (“personal information” means information  which  on its own or in combination with other information  can be used to identify you).  1.4. What about children? We recognise we have a special obligation to protect personal information obtained from children. We do not and will not knowingly collect personal information from any child under the age of 13 without consent from their parent or guardian. If you are a parent or guardian and are concerned about the transfer of personal information about your child  please contact support@round1fight.com  1.5. Will we ever change this Privacy Policy? We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time  for example to reflect changes in our services or to reflect applicable laws. If we do  we will make the changed Privacy Policy available online  make reasonable efforts to notify you of this and update the “Last Updated” date. Once we change the Privacy Policy  it will become legally binding on you 30 days after we post it online. During that period  you are welcome to contact us if you have specific questions about the changes at support@round1fight.com. If you do not agree to those changes (regardless of whether you email us)  then unfortunately we must ask you to cease using all Round1Fight Services: in order to make the Round1Fight Services work properly we need to have everyone using them under the same rules instead of different people having different rules.  1.6. We respect your right to privacy and will only process personal information in accordance with applicable legislation in the EU  the USA and elsewhere. For personal information contained in this Privacy Policy which is used by Round1Fight in connection with the Round1Fight Services  Round1Fight is the data controller under European Union data protection legislation.  2. WHAT INFORMATION IS COVERED?  We may collect certain information when you use the Round1Fight Services such as your name and email address (more information below). We do not receive or store your payment details.  2.1. What information might we collect from you? When you sign up for  download  use or play the Round1Fight Services then we will collect certain information from you. This information may include:  1. Your name; 2. Your date of birth; 3. Your email address; 4. Any user name used to identify yourself; 5. Details of your digital platform account; 6. Any other information which you supply us via our services (including the content of messages sent using any chat / communications systems); 7. Technical details about any device which you use to access our services  including: Internet and/or network connection (including IP address); any mobile device identifier; your operating system  browser type or other software; or your hardware or other technical details. This is technical data about our users and their actions and patterns which does not provide personal information; 8. Details of your use of our services including  but not limited to: metrics information about when and how you use the services; traffic data; and your geographical location data; 9. If/when we decide to deploy social networking features in any of the Round1Fight Services  and if you link our services to a social networking account(s)  then we may collect details about your use of social networking account(s) and our services). This may potentially include certain information from (for example) Facebook or other social networks (including access to your name  location  gender  birth date  email address  photo  profile URL and friends list as well as aggregated non-personal analytics data about our users) strictly in accordance with the social network(s)’ terms and conditions; and 10. Other information required in order to help you with any queries or support matters. Some of the information types referred to above may be collected on an aggregated or anonymised (e.g. hashed) basis  or we may use it or share it in an aggregated or anonymised way  for research or analysis into the way our services operate and are used. 11. access to photos  media and files on your mobile device;  2.2. What about the storage of payment details? The processing and storage of payment details is a matter for the relevant platform and payment method/processor. Round1Fight will not receive  process or store any of your payment details. This is because the payment transactions themselves are completed through the relevant platforms (e.g. Apple’s App Store or Google Play) via the personal email address you have associated with that platform account. If you make in-game purchases within the Round1Fight Services  we are notified by the payment processor once a transaction takes place  but we will not receive any of your actual payment details.  3. HOW IS INFORMATION COLLECTED FROM YOU?  We will collect information ourselves or via third parties for appropriate matters.  How might we collect this information from you? Information may be collected or processed regarding you in the following ways: (a) information you give us via the Round1Fight Services; (b) information given when you contact us or report a problem with the Round1Fight Services; and (c) we may also ask you to complete surveys that we use for research purposes  although you don’t have to respond to them. We may collect this information via the Round1Fight Services or trusted third parties connected with us for optional things like surveys or polls.  4. WHERE IS YOUR INFORMATION STORED?  We will store your information in secured servers provided by Amazon Web Services  We will do our best to keep this information secure. No information security system is perfect so please remember to be careful.  Where will your information be stored? The information we hold will be stored and processed in the AWS services provided by Amazon. By submitting your personal information  you agree to such transfer  storing or processing. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that this information is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy.  All information we hold is stored on our secure servers (which we own or license from appropriate third parties). We use industry standard procedures and security standards to prevent unauthorised access to our servers  however no online service or website can be completely secure  so please protect the account information in your possession as well.  5. HOW IS YOUR INFORMATION STORED?  We will use your information to run  maintain and improve the Round1Fight Services as well as to communicate with you (e.g. with newsletters or emails).  Sometimes we may share anonymised  non-personal information like operating system types with partners in order to run our services.  5.1. How might your information be used? Your information may be used in the following ways:  1. To ensure that the Round1Fight Services are presented in the most effective manner for you and for your device from which you access them; 2. To provide you with marketing information  products or services that you request from us and which we feel may interest you – for example  we may send you newsletters or emails about the Round1Fight Services (of course  it’s optional and we will ask you for permission first where required); 3. To carry out our obligations arising from any contracts between you and us; 4. To allow you to participate in interactive features of the Round1Fight Services when you choose to do so; 5. To notify you about changes to the Round1Fight Services; 6. To provide  maintain  protect and improve the Round1Fight Services and to protect Round1Fight and other Round1Fight Services users; 7. To provide you with player to play chat functionality and other communication systems (Round1Fight reserves the right to monitor the content of any of your messages and prevent your use of any such chat or other communication systems for any reason); 8. To comply with intellectual property protection obligations we have under applicable laws including the Digital Millennium Copyright Act and the E-Commerce Directive; and 9. To assess the performance of the Round1Fight Services.  Will we ever share any of your information with other parties? We may share some aggregated and general non-personal information on user behaviour (e.g. sales per region) with our partners who work with us to provide the Round1Fight Services to you (for example  with payment providers) in order to support  improve or amend the Round1Fight Services. We may also share non-personal information with data analysis services to help us run the Round1Fight Services.  6. HOW YOU USE YOUR INFORMATION AND THIRD PARTIES?  You have the option to share your own personal information with others parties  in which case it will be governed by those parties’ own privacy policies – make sure to take a look at them.  Please remember that any communications you have via the Round1Fight Services may reveal details about you. Also  any information you post publicly will be publicly available to other people. We are not responsible for your use of any otherwise private personal information which you make available  or the activities of other users or other third parties to whom you give or make available your information or content. The Round1Fight Services may  from time to time  contain or connect you with third party content or services. Our Privacy Policy does not extend to external sites or companies  so please refer directly to their privacy policies.  7. OTHER MATTERS  See below for a few miscellaneous data matters…  7.1. Please be aware that we are subject to various laws and we may be required to release personal information in order to comply with law enforcement or other legal requirements.  7.2. In the unlikely event of a reorganisation or merger of Round1Fight we may transfer personal information to an involved third party who will protect this to at least the same level as we do in this Privacy Policy.  8. YOUR RIGHTS  You have rights about how your personal information is used  which can vary depending on where you live. If you have any questions  please contact us at support@round1fight.com.  8.1. Can you ask us to stop processing your personal information? You have the right to ask us not to process your personal information for marketing purposes. You can change your email settings to unsubscribe from email communications.  8.2. Can you see what information we store for you? Depending on where you live  you may have additional privacy rights. For example  in the EU you have the right to access your personal information we possess; you may have the legal right to contact us to request that we delete your personal information from our system; and you may have the legal right to ask us to rectify/correct your personal information if appropriate. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to honour your request  but we may decline requests that are unreasonably repetitive  are disproportionate or infringe the privacy of others.  8.3. Under California law  California residents who have an established business relationship with us have the right to request certain information with respect to the types of personal information we have shared with third parties for their direct marketing purposes  and the identities of those third parties  within the immediately preceding calendar year  subject to certain exceptions. All requests for such information must be in writing and sent to: Suite 20  4th Floor nd Ewropa Business Centre  Dun Karm Street  Birkirkara BKR 9034  Malta. This same California law permits us to provide you  in response to your written request  with a cost-free means to choose not to have your information shared rather than providing the above described information. You may exercise that choice by contacting us at the address above.  8.4. Who should you contact if you would like to exercise these rights? If you would like to exercise any of these rights or have any queries regarding them  please contact: support@round1fight.com   ©2020 Round1Fight  | WordPress Theme by Superb WordPress Themes     