   Home How it works Team Blog Download the app Privacy Policy for using our Mobile App Updated: March 2020 Privacy Notice and Policy By installing our mobile application or in any way using or accessing our Services  you accept the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy and the processing of your personal data. Information about personal data we collect When you register for Yolife’s Services  we collect personal data from you such as: your email address  first and last name. When you continue using the Yolife Services you regularly upload personal data onto your account such as  depending on your use of the Services; lifestyle routines  your height. In an ongoing effort to improve our Services  additional personal data may be collected from you. In such cases  we will notify you when the personal data collection takes place. Our use of your personal data Your privacy is important to us and we will only process your personal data in accordance with this Privacy Policy and relevant personal data regulation. Data processing necessary to provide the Services As a part of offering the Services to you we process your personal data that you provide us with at the time of registration  such as: First and last name E-mail Device identifier  i.e. information on what device  IP-address etc. you use to register and log on to the Services As you continue to use the Services  you will regularly provide Yolife with further personal data. It follows from the nature of the Services that we must process such data that you upload to the Services to enable the Services. This processing is a pre-requisite for us being able to offer the Services to you. If you connect to the Services using a Third-Party Application (e.g.  Facebook) Yolife will collect and use your personal information from such Third Party Applications such as your username  name  profile picture  and email address. Some of the data mentioned above  collected from you and processed by Yolife for certain features of the Services  is possible for us to delete and cease processing for the future if you so require  without you having to terminate your use of the entire Services  i.e.  not all data (submitted over time by you to us either directly or through third-party services) is required for you to still be able to use the Services. If you want us to cease processing certain data about you under this category  we will inform about the consequences of such cease  i.e.  how it will affect your use of the features of the Services. Customer relationship as a legal ground It should be noted that marketing sent by Yolife to you on the basis of a customer relationship as a legal ground for processing personal data  does not require a consent. Such data will be processed and used in compliance with relevant personal data regulation. Profiling Yolife’s Services are based on a profound knowledge of best practice with regard to health. In addition  Yolife analyze the usage of the Services  in order to provide you as a user with the most relevant features of the Services as possible with regard to your potentials and preferences. In analyzing the usage of the Services  Yolife will process certain data for so-called profiling. Profiling means processing of your and other users’ personal data to analyze or predict aspects of your use of the Services. The data processed will be user habits where we will track actions taken by you such as when you move between screens  press buttons and take actions on the Services. The purposes of the profiling is to monitor how engaged users are in different features of our Services  find out ways to make the Service more effective and vary the features or content to better match your individual usage patterns and preferences. Yolife’s processing of your personal data for profiling purposes as described above  does not require any consent as a legal ground to be processed. If this should be the case  i.e. if  under relevant personal data regulation  consent is required for the use as described above  you hereby give your consent to Yolife using your personal data as defined above for profiling  for the purpose of improving the Services and for providing customer support. Marketing – legitimate interest Yolife may use your personal data for profiling and marketing purposes via emails  notifications  or other messages  by Yolife or Yolife’s selected business partners. Profiling will be used for marketing purposes to enable personalized and relevant offers to you  based on your preferences  see more above under Profiling. The use of personal data for marketing purposes will only concern such offers that have a close relation to your use of the Service and the offers will be sent to you by Yolife; no personal data will be transferred to third parties for marketing purposes. This processing is based on a legitimate interest  on our side the interest to offer you the best possible service  on your side the possibility to be offered relevant products and services relevant to your use of the Service and for third parties to reach you with such offers. In other words we are of the conclusion that consent is not required. If this should be the case  i.e. if  under relevant personal data regulation  consent is required for the use as described above  you hereby give your consent to us using your personal data as defined above. Rectification of personal data You have the right to request access to and rectification or erasure of your personal data processed by Yolife. If a request for rectification concerns data that is necessary for Yolife to offer the Services  such requests will have the effect that your account will be terminated at Yolife. If you wish to exercise this right  please do so by using the according service offered within the Settings section of the app. Transfer of data Personal data collected from you may be shared with third-party providers of Yolife that process personal data on behalf of Yolife; such as server hosting providers  data storage providers  companies carrying out system and sales performance monitoring  customer support systems- and payment service providers. These service providers will be considered processors of your personal data. At times  some of your personal data by may be transferred and processed to processors  as described above  that are established in the United States or other countries (some of which will be outside the EEA). We may also transfer your personal data in the event that our business (or part of it) is sold  for instance as part of a merger or acquisition. Yolife will always apply safeguards to protect your personal data from unauthorized disclosure. In case of transfer of data to third parties that are outside of the EU or EEA and that do not offer an adequate level of data protection  Yolife will apply the EU Commission’s model clauses and/or binding corporate rules  or similar instruments/mechanism  for the safeguarding of integrity and security. In no event does Yolife transfer personal data to third parties with the right for such parties to use the data other than on behalf of Yolife. Yolife may further disclose your personal data in order to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation  if we reasonably believe that this is required by law  regulation or other legislation  or in order to protect and defend Yolife  our business partners or users’ rights and interests  subject always to relevant applicable personal data regulation. Portability You have the right to receive your personal data which you have provided to Yolife  in accordance with relevant personal data regulation  provided that such request does not adversely affect the rights and freedoms of others. Complaints If you have any questions or complaints about our processing of your personal data  you are welcome to contact us at privacy@yolife.io. You also have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority. Security of the personal data we process The security and integrity of your personal data are important to us. In addition to complying with applicable relevant personal data regulation  we use accepted industry standards  technologies  and procedures  in order to protect the integrity of your personal data and to prevent any unauthorized access. However  no system can be 100% secure  and despite our efforts  there is always a risk of unauthorized access to your personal data. By using our Services  you assume this risk. We also urge you to use a unique and strong password to your user account on the Yolife services as well as to protect such password. You should further limit access to your computer and browser and log out after having used the Yolife Services. Yolife has an appointed data protection officer. Please do not hesitate to reach out to privacy@yolife.io if you have any questions. Children If you are under age 16  you are not allowed to submit any personal data through our Services. Further  we encourage parents and legal guardians to monitor their children's Internet use and to help us in enforcing our Privacy Policy by instructing their children to never provide any personal data through our Service without their permission. If you become aware that a child under the age of 16 has submitted personal data to us  please contact us at privacy@yolife.io. Your Acceptance of these Terms By using this app  you agree to all of the terms of this privacy policy. If you do not agree  please do not use our app. Your continued use of our app following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes. Privacy Policy for Using our Website Updated: Feb 2018 Privacy Notice and Policy This privacy notice and policy applies to yolife.io and its subdomains. We do not collect personally identifiable information (PII) about you unless you choose to provide that information to us. Any personal information you chose to provide is protected by security practices. Non-personal information related to your visit to our website may be automatically collected and temporarily stored. Unless you authorize us in advance  we do not disclose  give  sell  or transfer any personal information about you unless required by law. Health Information Some of our resources use health information that you voluntarily provide. This information is not identifiable with your other personal information  or otherwise individually identifiable health information. It is only used to allow you to take advantage of the resource. Cookies A cookie is a small amount of data  which often includes an anonymous unique identifier  that is sent to your browser from a web site's computers and stored on your computer's hard drive. We use cookies to record current lesson information  but do not use permanent cookies. The information you provide during the questionaire is not connected to any cookies. Visiting an official Yolife Page on Third-Party Websites We maintain accounts on third-party websites and online services  such as social media sites and apps. The security and privacy policies of those third-parties apply to your activity on those sites and services. Users of third-party websites and services often share information with the general public  user community  and/or the third-party operating the website. You should review the privacy policies of all websites and services before using them and ensure that you understand how your information may be used. You should also adjust privacy settings on your account on any third-party website and service to match your preferences. Information Collected and Used from Third-Party Websites If you have an account/profile with a third-party website or service  and choose to follow  like  friend  or comment on a third-party website  service or page managed by us  certain personal information associated with your account may be made available to us based on the privacy policies of the third-party and your privacy settings within that website. We do not share personally identifiable information made available through these websites or services. Information Automatically Collected and Stored When you browse through our website  we use analytics software to gather and temporarily store a variety of information about your visit. However  this information cannot be used to identify you as an individual. The basic information we collect during your visit includes: The name of the domain you use to access the Internet; The date and time of your visit to our website; The pages and documents you viewed on our website; The URL of the website you visited prior to ours; The type and version of your Web browser and operating system; and Your location at the time of your visit  down to the city-level We do not associate any of the data we collect with you as an individual. Instead  we aggregate this data from all visits in order to improve our website and provide a better user experience to our visitors. The aggregate data is available only to Web managers and other designated staff who require this information to perform their duties. It is retained only for as long as needed for proper analysis. Demographic and Interest Data On some portions of our website we may enable third-party software to provide aggregate demographic and interest data of our visitors. This information cannot be used to identify you as an individual. While these tools are used by some websites to serve advertisements  we presently only uses them to measure demographic data. We have no control over advertisements served on other websites. Website Security We take reasonable measures to help protect information about you from loss  theft  misuse and unauthorized access  disclosure  alteration and destruction. For site security purposes and to ensure that this service remains available to all users  we use software programs to monitor traffic to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information or otherwise cause damage. In the event of law enforcement investigations and as part of any required legal process  information from these sources may be used to help identify an individual. Changes to this Privacy Policy We may update this privacy policy from time to time. When we do  we revise the “updated” date at the top of this page. We encourage you to frequently check this page for any changes this policy. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications. Your Acceptance of these Terms By using this site  you agree to all of the terms of this privacy policy. If you do not agree  please do not visit or use our site. Your continued use of our site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes. About Home Vision Blog Science Contact Legal Terms Privacy Imprint Disclaimer Work with us Lead Developer React Native Developer • Open call Invest in us Press Social Media Past events  Facebook Twitter Instagram LinkedIn Newsletter Get practical tips and useful information on how to live longer in great health. No ads. No Spam. Subscribe © Yolife GmbH 2020    