     ×  Outdoor   Video search  Public playlists  Map   Upload  Coaching   Coaching video search  Public playlists   Upload  Sign in     Outdoor   Video search  Public playlists  Map   Upload   Coaching   Coaching video search  Public playlists   Upload   Events    Past events  Kinotour 2020  La Marmotte  Hammer Series 2020  Hammer Series 2019  Hammer Series 2018    Sign in   Homepage  Privacy Policy   Privacy Policy Kinomap    Updated May 25th: please read this article for an overview of how your data is handled    1. Our Commitment To Privacy:    Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used by us (the “Privacy Policy”). To make this notice easy to find  we make it available on our homepage and through a link on our login page. We will attempt to notify you through the email you provide to us when this Privacy Policy changes. This Privacy Policy is effective as of Jan 1st 2015. Please note that this Privacy Policy relates to your use of the website located at www.kinomap.com and its affiliated sites (the “Site”)  whether as a registered or unregistered user  as well as your use of the Kinomap Uploader web services (the “Uploader”). This Privacy Policy does not apply to your use of the Kinomap training Apps (the “Training Applications” and each a “Training Application”). The Kinomap Training Privacy Policy available at https://www.kinomap.com/policy and through a link on the Kinomap Training Application governs our collection and use of information through that Training Application. This Privacy Policy does not identify the policies of third party web pages that you may separately access through the Site (for example  online software application stores  Facebook  Twitter or YouTube). Please consult the policies of those companies or sources to determine how they treat your private information.    2. The Information We Collect and How We Use It.    This notice applies to all information that may be collected or submitted on the Site or otherwise as part of your licensed use of the Site. When you register as a user on the Site to access all Site features available only to registered users  you are required to provide us the following information:   Email Address  User Name  Password  Confirmation Password     You may also provide your First and Last Name at your option..    When you register to use the Site using the Sign Up Through Facebook link you must provide your Facebook username and password to login to the Site. When you sign up through Facebook  we are given access to: your basic Facebook user information including your: user ID  name  email  gender  birthday  current city  profile picture  URL  and the user IDs of the user’s friends who have also joined Kinomap through Facebook. On some pages  you may be able to make requests to us or correspond with us (for example  when you submit a question to us via the automated form available on the Contact Us page of the Site or through the Feedback tab on the Site). The types of personal information that you are required to provide for general information requests and support include:   First and Last Name  Email Address   We will also collect any other information that you include in the body or subject line of your message to us including information about how we can contact you to respond to your request. Such information may include your phone number or mailing address. You may provide a take down notice to us for content that you believe is infringing your copyrights as described under Copyright Violations in the Website Terms of Use. A take down notice must provide to us all of the information required by the Digital Millennium Copyright Act. That information includes the following personal information:   First and Last Name  Physical Address  Telephone Number  Email Address     We use that information to evaluate and respond to your take down notice.    When you use the Uploader from your computer to upload videos to Kinomap  you give us consent to and we collect your Kinomap user name  the mode of transportation used in the video  the time and date that you upload the video to the Site  the geographic location from which the video was uploaded  the geographic location  time and date when the video was filmed  including starting and end points  the video duration and the specific gps location information for the entire video footage. GPS information includes location  speed  distance  and elevation. We use this data in connection with your video(s) to create content for the Site and Kinomap Training Application and we make this data available to other users of the Site  whether or not registered users  and users of the Kinomap Training Application. We license the Training Application to certain fitness equipment manufacturers. The data associated with videos and the videos are shared with those equipment manufacturers in connection with the license of the Training Application. Users of the Site may share the videos with others via third party websites  such as Facebook  YouTube  Twitter and blog sites. When a video is shared or linked to from another site  the information that you provided about the video is included with the video and becomes available to users on those third party websites. We also provide this data to our advertisers on the Site and the Kinomap Training Application for the purpose of targeting advertising to the users of our Site. We also aggregate the data from all videos uploaded to the Site for the search and filter functions on the Site and Kinomap Training Application  for internal research  product and service development  for marketing and targeted advertising purposes and quality control. Additionally we may share or sell the nonpersonally identifying  aggregate data that we collect  including geographic location data  with outside third parties.    Cookies.    We may also collect information about how you access the Site using cookies. Session ID cookies may be used by us to track your preferences while you are visiting the Site. They also help to minimize load times and save on server processing. Persistent cookies may be used by us to store whether  for example  you want your password remembered or not. Cookies used on the Site do not contain your personal information. By using the Site you consent to and agree to our use of Session ID cookies. When you register to use the Site  you consent to and agree to our use of Session ID cookies and Persistent cookies. If you do not consent  you must not login as a registered user of the Site. You will need to give your consent at the time of registration. If you revoke your consent or opt out of the use of cookies we will terminate your user account for use of the Site.    Log Files.    We use log files which may include internet protocol (IP) addresses  browser type  internet service provider (ISP)  referring/exit pages  platform type  date/time stamp  geographic location  number of clicks  page views and video views to analyze trends  administer the Site  and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. However  none of this information contains personal information.    Information You Provide.    Primarily  we use the information you provide about yourself when registering to complete the registration  to verify your logins to the Site  to facilitate downloading of the Uploader  Training Applications and your use of the Uploader and Training Applications. Your user name will be used to identify any videos you upload to the Site and to identify you as a Site user for other activity on the Site  including when you provide comments on videos. Other than such information that has been made available to the public by you through the content you post on the Site  we use commercially reasonable means to protect your personally identifiable information provided to us during the registration process and will not share  sell  or disseminate personal data to others except when you allow  when compelled by law to do so  when necessary to enforce the Terms of Use and End User License Agreements  or to protect the rights  property  or safety of us  our employees  agents  representatives and affiliates  our users  or others. For example  we may disclose the information we collect about you  including personally identifiable information to law enforcement or other government agencies if we receive a summons  search warrant  subpoena  or other court order and the information is needed to protect other persons from injury  serious harm or death  to prevent fraud  or to assist in the investigation of a crime or threat of a serious crime or suspected terrorist activity.      We use return email addresses and your name to answer the email we receive. As part of your registration to use the Site or the Uploader  you have also authorized us to communicate with you concerning upgrades  bug fixes and/or enhancements to the Site  the Uploader or the Training Applications that you have downloaded  changes to the Terms of Use  or violations we identify or concerns we have related to your use of the Site  Uploader or Training Applications. We may also use your email address to send you promotional or marketing emails about us and our products and services. You may opt-out of receiving such promotional emails by contacting us and requesting to be removed from the list at www.kinomap.com or by following the opt-out link provided in the email that we send to you. On rare occasions  it is necessary to send out a strictly service-related announcement  if  for instance  our service is temporarily suspended for maintenance. Generally  you may not opt-out of these communications  though you can cancel or terminate your registration. However  these communications are not promotional in nature. Your e-mail address is not used for any other purpose and is not shared with outside parties. We may use and disclose non-identifying and aggregate information to better design our website and to share with advertisers and potential investors. For example  we may tell an advertiser that X number of individuals viewed a video  the geographic location of the video footage and the geographic location of the users that viewed the video  but we would not disclose anything that could be used to identify any individual directly; provided however  that if you use your actual name for your Kinomap user name  your name may be shared with advertisers and potential investors as it relates to content you share or post on the Site. You can opt out by changing your user name. In the event our company or a division of it or our software and technology is sold  the information collected from users may be transferred to new owners. We may also share the information we collect with our affiliate companies. Finally  we do not use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us in ways unrelated to those described above without providing you an opportunity to opt-out.    3. Our Commitment To Data Security:    To prevent unauthorized access  maintain data accuracy  and ensure the correct use of information  we have put in place commercially reasonable physical  electronic  and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure any information we may collect online. Despite reasonable technological measures taken by us  technology can be bypassed and we cannot guarantee privacy of your information. You agree that we shall not be responsible for any loss  damages or liability arising from the information you provide to us in any way and you shall have no recourse against us  or any agent  representative  employee  officer  member  or manager for such loss  damage  or liability. If we become aware of a particular risk to the security of the information we have collected from users  we will attempt to notify you of that risk using the email address you provide to us at registration or as updated by you from time to time.    4. Our Commitment To Children's Privacy:    Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that reason  we do not collect or maintain information at our website from those we actually know are under 13  and no part of our website is structured to attract anyone under the age of 13. You may not register to use the Site  the Uploader or the Training Applications if you are under 13 years of age.    5. How You Can Access  Correct or Remove Your Information:    We use your e-mail address and user name to facilitate your use of the Site  your downloading of the Uploader and/or Training Applications  verifying your login  responding to your email requests or other communications with us  and to provide information to you regarding upgrades  bug fixes and/or enhancements to the Site  Uploader or Training Applications  potential security risks  or other promotional information about us as noted previously. You can access and update your user information by logging in to your user account. If your name  e-mail address or other user information changes  and you would like to continue receiving that information please contact us at support@kinomap.com. To protect your privacy and security  and to avoid misappropriation of our software  we may take reasonable steps to verify your identity before permitting or implementing any such change. If you no longer want us to collect  store or use your information  you must discontinue your use of the Site  the Uploader and the Training Applications  cancel your user account and send us a message at support@kinomap.com requesting that we remove your information from our database. We will use commercially reasonable means of removing your information within a reasonable time of receiving your request so long as you have cancelled your account and cease use of the Site  the Uploader and the Training Applications  however  certain nonpersonally identifiable  aggregated information or data that we collected from you may not be removable. You have the ability to delete videos and other content that you post or share on the Site.    6. How To Contact Us:    Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies  please contact us at support@kinomap.com.     