 Privacy Policy  PPL  Development Company LLC.(“unexplainablestore.com” we ”us”) provides  this Privacy Policy in order to demonstrate unexplainablestore.com’s firm  commitment to your privacy and privacy-related concerns.  This  following document sets forth the Privacy Policy for the PPL Development  Company LLC. and any associated products and services.  We are  committed to protecting and respecting your privacy in connection with your use  of our website www.unexplainablestore.com (the “Website”)  applications  (“Apps”) and other products and services (the Website  the Apps and such other  products  services are collectively referred to herein as the “Services”).   Information we may collect from you   Personal information We do not collect personal  information -- names  addresses  phone numbers  e-mail addresses  payment  information，facebook  profile -- about you except when you specifically provide such information on a  voluntary basis; for example  when you provide unexplainablestore.com with  information in connection with a web site registration or when you purchase CDs  from the website.   Cookies When we provide the Services  we  want to make them easy  useful and reliable. This sometimes involves placing  small amounts of information on your computer or mobile device. These include  small files known as cookies. These cookies cannot be used to identify you  personally.  These pieces of information are  used to improve the Services for you through  for example:   Enabling a Service to recognize  your device so you don’t have to give the same information several times during  one task  Recognizing that you may already  have given a username and password so you don’t need to do it for every web  page requested  Measuring how many people are  using Services  so they can be made easier to use and there’s enough capacity  to ensure they are fast    The Services use cookies for  collecting non-personal user information. Cookies are pieces of data created  when you visit a site  and contain a unique  anonymous number. They are stored  in the cookie directory of your hard drive  and do not expire at the end of  your session. Cookies do not contain any personal information about you and  cannot be used to identify an individual user. If you choose not to accept the  cookie  this will not affect your access to the majority of the content and  features available through the Services.    Confidentiality and security  Any personal information that we collect from  you is used solely to improve and assess our products and services. Any person  or private information that we gather is kept private and secure to the best of  our abilities  within reason. Your information is not sold or leased for the  purposes of advertising or any other business function.   Use of your personal information  Users must promptly notify us if personal  identifiable information is lost  stolen or used without permission. In such an  event  we can help you reset your password  hold or cancel your account  and  update our records accordingly.  As a valued visitor to us  we will  occasionally contact you  typically by e-mail (or any other way you prefer) in  order to notify you of special promotions  and up-to-date news  custom-tailored  to your personal interests. Of course  if you do not wish to receive this  personalized information  you can always let us know by e-mailing us at  support@imoblife.net  and we will happily abide by your wishes.   A Special Note About Children.  Children  are not eligible to use our services. If you are a minor  you can use this  service only in conjunction with your parents or guardians. We  ask that minors do not submit any personal information to us. If we become aware that a child under 13 has provided us  with personal identifiable Information  we will delete such information from  our files.   HealthKit.  Apple iOS users may opt-in to allow the Products to provide data regarding the amount of minutes meditated to the Apple iOS “Health” application for display. This data will not be shared with third parties or used for marketing purposes.   Compliance with Laws and Law Enforcement  We cooperate with  all law enforcement inquires and with all third parties to enforce their  intellectual property or other rights. We may disclose any information about  you to government or law enforcement officials or private parties as we  in our  sole discretion  believe necessary or appropriate to respond to claims  legal  process (including subpoenas)  to protect the property and rights of PPL  Development Company LLC. or a third party  the safety of the public or any  person  to prevent or stop any illegal  unethical  or legally actionable  activity  or to comply with the law.   Changes to this Privacy Policy  PPL Development Company LLC. reserves the  right to make amendments to this Privacy Policy at any time. If you have  objections to the Privacy Policy  you should not access or use the Site.    We take  your privacy concerns very seriously. If you still have concerns about privacy  issues after reading this Privacy Policy  please contact us at support@imoblife.net . This Privacy Policy is effective as of January 18  2016.    