     LIMITED TIME: AUD 50 OFF WAVE ROLLER.  SEE DETAILS    Therabody    Products   Percussive Devices   Percussive Devices  PRO  Professional-grade     Elite  Premium     Prime  Simplified     mini  Ultra-portable     Compare Devices   Explore Devices  See All Devices   More Products   More Products     Wave Roller  Smart Foam Roller™     Duo Adapter Set  Twice the treatment    Accessories   Accessories   Attachments  Chargers & Stands  Batteries  See All Accessories   Explore   Explore   Trade Up  Device FAQs  How To Use  ProCare Protection  Previous Generation Accessories  Military & First Responders  Frontline Healthcare Workers   Education   Therabody University   Therabody University     EXPLORE   Education   Education  Therabody University   How To Use  Explore Devices   Explore Education   Explore Education   Device FAQs  Blog     About    Founder's Note  Our Story  Press  Podcast     Help    Contact Us  How To Use    Australia   Login Login   Login  Register     Australia   Login Login   Login  Register  Cart   0    Cart Your cart is empty. Let's change that.  Shop Now   null     Your browser's Javascript functionality is turned off. Please turn it on so that you can experience the full capabilities of this site.  Privacy Policy     Effective Date: May 4  2020   This privacy policy (“ Privacy Policy ”) describes the privacy practices that Theragun  LLC (“ Theragun ” or “ us ” or “ we ”) follows when collecting and using information about you on our website ( https://www.theragun.com/us/en-us/home )  Theragun mobile applications  and any other channel or mobile feature that we operate (collectively  the “ Services ”). We ask that you please read this Privacy Policy before using the Services. It describes what information we gather from you and others who visit or use the Services  how we use that information  and what we do to protect it. When you access or use the Services  certain information  including your Personal Information  may be collected  transferred  processed  stored  and in certain circumstances  disclosed as described in this Privacy Policy.   This Privacy Policy complies with the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“ CCPA ”) and any terms defined in the CCPA have the same meaning when used in this Privacy Policy. Capitalized terms used but not defined in this Privacy Policy have the definitions provided in our Terms of Service  located at https://www.theragun.com/us/en-us/terms-and-conditions/terms.html (“ Terms of Service ”). Provisions within the Terms of Service may affect this Privacy Policy with respect to your use of the Services  so please review the Terms of Service prior to using the Services.   BY CREATING AN ACCOUNT ON OUR WEBSITE OR OTHERWISE PROVIDING US WITH YOURS OR OTHERS’ PERSONAL INFORMATION  YOU EXPRESSLY CONSENT TO THE INFORMATION HANDLING PRACTICES DESCRIBED IN THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND CONFIRM THAT YOU HAVE PERMISSION TO PROVIDE US WITH ALL PERSONAL INFORMATION PROVIDED. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH THIS PRIVACY POLICY OR OUR TERMS OF SERVICE  PLEASE DO NOT ACCESS  USE  OR REGISTER FOR AN ACCOUNT ON  THE SERVICES.  1. INFORMATION WE COLLECT    We collect data to provide the products and services you request on the Services  ease your navigation using the Services  communicate with you  and improve your experience using the Services. Some of this information is provided by you directly to us  such as when you create an account. Some of the information is collected through your interactions with the Services or third party websites and applications. We collect such data using technologies like Cookies and other tracking technologies  error reports  and usage data collected when you interact with our Services. Some of the information is collected from your use of  and interactions with  us and others on social media  including but not limited to Facebook®  Instagram®  YouTube®  and LinkedIn® (collectively  “ Social Media ”).   The data we collect depends on the products  services  and features of the Services that you use  and includes the following:  1.1 PERSONAL INFORMATION  When you visit the Services without creating an account  you can browse without submitting Personal Information about yourself. In general  we collect Personal Information that you submit to us in the process of creating or editing your account and user profile on the Services or that you submit to us voluntarily through your use of the Services. Information that identifies  relates to  describes  is reasonably capable of being associated with  or could be reasonably linked  directly or indirectly  with a particular consumer or household is “ Personal Information .”   In particular  the Services has collected the following categories of Personal Information from users in the last twelve (12) months. We obtain these categories of Personal Information with the methods described in more detail below. Category of Personal Information  Do we Collect?  Do we disclose for business purpose    Name  contact information  and other identifiers such as a real name  alias  address  unique personal identifier  online identifier  Internet Protocol address  email address  account name  or other similar identifiers.  Yes  Yes    Customer records such as other paper and electronic customer records containing personal information  such as name  signature  physical characteristics or description  address  telephone number.  Yes  Yes    Characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law such as characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law such as race  color  sex  age  religion  national origin  and disability.  Yes  Yes    Commercial information such as records of products or services purchased  obtained  or considered  or other purchasing or use histories or tendencies.  Yes  Yes    Biometric Information such as physiological or behavioral characteristics that can be used alone or in combination with each other to establish individual identity  including facial recognition (subject to applicable laws and where relevant to the Services we provide to you).  Yes  Yes    Geolocation data such as precise geographic location information about a particular individual or device.  Yes  Yes    Audio  video  sensory and other electronic data: audio  electronic  visual  or similar information such as  CCTV footage  photographs  and call recordings.  Yes  Yes    Usage data such as internet or other electronic network activity information  including  but not limited to  browsing history  clickstream data  search history  and information regarding a resident’s interaction with an internet website  application  or advertisement.  Yes  Yes    Professional or employment-related information  such as current or past job history or performance evaluations.  No  No    Non-public education information  such as education records directly related to a student maintained by an educational institution or party acting on its behalf  such as grades  transcripts  class lists  student schedules  student identification codes  student financial information  or student disciplinary records.  No  No    Profiles and Inferences such as inferences drawn from personal information to create a profile reflecting a resident’s preferences  characteristics  psychological trends  predispositions  behavior  attitudes  intelligence  abilities  or aptitudes.  Yes  Yes Personal Information does not include:   Publicly available information from government records.  De-identified or aggregated consumer information.  Information excluded from the CCPA’s scope including  without limitation:    Health or medical information covered by the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA) and the California Confidentiality of Medical Information Act (CMIA) or clinical trial data; and  Personal Information covered by certain sector-specific privacy laws  including the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FRCA)  the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (GLBA) or California Financial Information Privacy Act (FIPA)  and the Driver’s Privacy Protection Act of 1994. We may also collect Personal Information from third parties  such as Social Media  Payment Processors  product vendors  and other partners. Our collection of this information allows us to provide you with our products and services  establish  maintain and support your user account on the Services  and communicate with you in accordance with our Terms of Service.  1.2 Automatically Collected Usage and Device Information  Similar to other websites  we use tracking technologies to automatically collect certain technical information from your web browser  mobile  or other device when you visit the Services. This data may include  but is not limited to  your IP address  browser type and language  referring/exit pages and URLs  other browser history  platform type  number of clicks  landing pages  the pages you requested and viewed  the amount of time spent on particular pages  and the date and time of your visits. Our collection of this data  described in more detail below  allows us to provide more personalized high-quality services to you and to track usage of the Services.   A. Cookies . We automatically derive and collect certain data based on your interactions with us on the Services using cookies and similar technologies (collectively  “ Cookies ”). Our collection of data through Cookies includes information about your browser and Services usage patterns  which may include your IP address  browser type  browser language  referring/exit pages and URLs  pages viewed  links clicked  whether you opened an email  and information about the device you use to access the Services. Our collection of this information allows us to improve your user experience in various ways  such as to personalize our display of the Services to you  to “remember” whether or not you are signed in  and to provide better technical support to you.   Please note : If you restrict  disable or block any or all Cookies from your web browser or mobile or other device  the Services may not operate properly  and you may not have access to certain services or parts of the Services. We shall not be liable for any interruption in  or inability to use  the Services or our services or degraded functioning thereof  where such are caused by your settings and choices regarding Cookies.  B. Pixels (aka web beacons/web bugs/java script) . We may use Pixels to automatically record certain technical information about your interactions with us when you visit the Services or otherwise engage with us  to help deliver Cookies on our Services  or count users who have visited the Services or used our services. We may also include web beacons in our promotional e-mail messages or newsletters to determine whether you open or act on them for statistical purposes. “ Pixels ” are tiny graphics (about the size of a period at the end of a sentence) with unique identifiers used to track certain online actions  movements and related information of Services users. Unlike Cookies  which are stored on a user’s computer hard drive  Pixels are embedded invisibly on web pages or in HTML-based emails. The data we receive through Pixels allows us to effectively promote the Services to various populations of users  and to optimize external advertisements about the Services that appear on third-party websites.  1.3 Information from Other Sources  We may obtain both personal and non-personal information about you from business partners  contractors  suppliers  and other third parties and add it to your account information or other information we have collected. We  and the third parties we engage  may combine information we collect from you over time  and across the Services  with information obtained from other sources. This helps us improve the information’s overall accuracy and completeness  and also helps us better tailor our interactions with you.   1.4 Location Information  We collect precise geolocation data from you or your device  as well as your address information  e.g.  shipping and billing address  when you set up your account and order our products. We also collect and use information about your general location (e.g.  your state of residence) and can infer your approximate location based on your IP address in order to track our general Services usage or to tailor any pertinent aspects of your user experience to the region where you are located.  1.5 User Contributions  You also may provide information to be published or displayed (hereinafter  “ posted ”) on public areas of the Services or transmitted to other users of the Services or third parties  including  for example  third party websites and services like Social Media that are integrated into or linked to the Services (collectively  “ User Contributions ”). Your User Contributions are posted on and transmitted to others at your own risk. We cannot control the actions of other users of the Services or third parties with whom you may choose to share your User Contributions. Such third parties may have their own policies and terms that apply to your User Contributions  and we are not responsible for any third party’s policies or terms. We cannot and do not guarantee that unauthorized persons will not view your User Contributions.   1.6 Social Media  If you interact with us or our other users regarding Theragun and its products and services on any Social Media: (a) the Personal Information that you submit by and through such Social Media can be read  collected or used by us (depending on your Social Media privacy settings) as described in this Privacy Policy  and (b) where Theragun responds to any interaction with you on Social Media  your account name/handle may be viewable by any and all members or users of Theragun’s Social Media accounts. We are not responsible for the Personal Information that you choose to submit or link on any Social Media. Social Media operates independently from Theragun  and we are not responsible for Social Media interfaces or privacy or security practices. We encourage you to review the privacy policies and settings of any Social Media with which you interact to help you understand their privacy practices. If you have questions about the security and privacy settings of any Social Media that you use  please refer to the applicable privacy notices or policies.  2. THIRD PARTY ANALYTICS PROVIDERS  We also use Google Analytics  Facebook Pixel  and other third party analytics providers (“ Analytics Providers ”) to collect information about Services usage and the users of the Services. Analytics Providers use Cookies in order to collect demographic and interest-level information and usage information from users that visit the Services  including information about the pages where users enter and exit the Services and what pages users view on the Services  time spent  browser  operating system  and IP address. Cookies allow Analytics Providers to recognize a user when a user visits the Services and when the user visits other websites. Analytics Providers use the information they collect from the Services and other websites to share with us and other website operators’ information about users including age range  gender  geographic regions  general interests  and details about devices used to visit the Services and other websites and purchase items. For more information regarding our Analytics Providers’ use of Cookies  collection and use of information  and how to opt-out of tracking  see:   Google : Google’s Privacy Policy is available at https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en . Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on is available at https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout .  Facebook : Facebook’s Privacy Policy and information regarding opt-out settings is available at https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/previous .   3.EXTERNAL LINKS  The Services contains links to third party websites and services  including links to Social Media. We are not responsible for any of the content or features or functionality of other linked websites or services. We are also not responsible for the privacy practices and the terms and conditions of use for any external websites or services. The linked websites and services may collect Personal Information from you that is not subject to our control. The data collection practices of linked third party websites and services will be governed by that third party’s privacy policy and Terms of Service.  4. HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION  4.1 General  We may use or disclose the Personal Information identified above for one or more of the following business purposes (“ Business Purpose ”):   To fulfill or meet the reason you provided the information (e.g.  to send you product and service information).  To personalize and develop our Services and the services we provide to you  and improve our offerings.  To provide certain features or functionalities on the Services.  For marketing and promotions  including to check your eligibility for competitions and to contact you in the event that you win.  To create  maintain  customize  and secure your account with us.  To provide you with support  to communicate with you and respond to your inquiries  including to investigate and address your concerns and monitor and improve our responses.  To personalize your experience and to deliver content and product and service offerings  products  and services relevant to your interests  including offers and advertisements through third-party sites  and via email (with your consent  where required by law).  To help maintain the safety  security  and integrity of our Services  services  databases  other technology assets  and business.  For testing  research  analysis  and product development  including to develop and improve our Services and services.  To respond to law enforcement requests and as required by applicable law  court order  or governmental regulations.  To prevent illegal activity  fraud  and abuse.  As described to you when collecting your Personal Information or as otherwise set forth in the CCPA.  To evaluate or conduct a merger  divestiture  restructuring  reorganization  dissolution  or other sale or transfer of some or all of our assets  whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy  liquidation  or similar proceeding  in which Personal Information held by us about our users is among the assets transferred or liquidated.   4.2 Account-Related Emails  When you create an account with us and provide us with your email we may  subject to applicable law  use your email address to send you Services-related notices (including any notices required by law  in lieu of communication by postal mail)  updates  news  and marketing messages. For example  when you register  you will receive a welcome email. If the Services or our services are temporarily unavailable  we may also send you an email.   Email communications you receive from us will generally provide an unsubscribe link or instructions allowing you to opt out of receiving future emails or to change your contact preferences. If you have an account with us  you can also change your contact preferences by updating your contact information within your account settings. Please remember that even if you opt out of receiving marketing e-mails  we may still send you important service information related to your account and the Services. If you correspond with us by email  we may retain the content of your email messages  your email address  and our responses.  4.3 Advertising  We do use third party service providers to serve advertisements or collect data on our behalf across the internet and on this Services (“ Advertisers ”). Some of these Advertisers may collect your Personal Information about your Services visits and your interactions with our products and services to tailor marketing messages on the Services or other sites  or to trigger real-time interactions  customize the Services  or enhance your profile. Advertisers may use Cookies  Pixels and other technologies to collect your Personal Information  measure the effectiveness of their advertisements  and personalize the advertisements on the Services. Some of these Advertisers may collect your Personal Information that you share on the Services via a web form automatically and prior to your submission of the Personal Information (i.e.  before you click  “Submit”). Advertisers may be able to use information from your Services visits to send marketing messages to you in a way that could personally identify you. The information collected by Advertisers may include your IP address  email addresses and other user and device level information. For example  when Advertisers send advertisements and links that appear on the Services directly to your browser  they automatically receive your IP address. Please keep in mind that your browser settings may not permit you to control Advertisers’ technologies  and this Privacy Policy does not apply to  and we cannot control the activities of  Advertisers. If you would like more information about Advertisers’ practices  please see http://optout.aboutads.info/#!/ .  4.4 Non-Personally Identifiable Information  We may use non-personally identifiable information  such as anonymized or aggregated Services usage data  in any manner that does not identify individual users for the purpose of improving the operation and management of the Services  including to develop new features  functionality  and services  to conduct internal research  to better understand Services usage patterns  to resolve disputes  to troubleshoot problems  to fulfill user requests  or for security and compliance purposes. Any non-personally identifiable information that is combined with Personal Information will be treated by us as Personal Information.  4.5 Payment Processors  If you purchase or pay for products or services via the Services  the transaction may be handled by our service providers or third party vendor(s) responsible for processing your payment (“ Payment Processors ”). These entities have their own privacy policies and those terms will apply to you. Please be sure to review them at the links provided during payment processing.  5. OUR INFORMATION SHARING PRACTICES  When we disclose Personal Information for a Business Purpose  we enter into a contract that describes the purpose and requires the recipient to keep that Personal Information confidential and use only for performance of the contract  and not for any other purpose. We share your information  including any Personal Information  in the circumstances described below.  5.1 Disclosures of Personal Information in the Last Twelve Months  In the preceding twelve (12) months  we have disclosed the following categories of Personal Information for a Business Purpose  as more fully described in Section 4 :   Category A: Identifiers.  Category B: California Customer Records personal information categories.  Category C: Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law.  Category D: Commercial information.  Category E: Biometric Information  Category F: Internet or other similar network activity.  Category G: Geolocation data.  Category H: Sensory Data  Category K: Inferences drawn from other personal information.   We disclose your Personal Information for a Business Purpose to the following categories of third parties:   Social Media.  Analytics Providers.  Payment Processors.  Other third party marketing service providers.  Affiliated persons or third-party service providers assisting us in the operation  management  improvement  research and analysis of the Services. Affiliated persons or our third party service providers may augment  extend  and combine non-personally identifiable information with data from additional third party sources in order to assist us with the above. Use of information by affiliated persons and third party service providers will be subject to this Privacy Policy or an agreement that is at least as restrictive as this Privacy Policy.   5.2 Legal Requirements  We reserve the right to disclose all information collected via the Services  internally  to affiliates  or to third parties  for any lawful purpose or to prevent harm to us or others. For example  and without limitation  in our discretion  we may disclose information to government regulators  law enforcement authorities or alleged victims of identity theft. We will notify you in the event of a government or legal request for your information unless otherwise prohibited by law.  5.3 Organizational Transitions  If we should ever transfer or restructure the operational ownership of the Services  such as through a merger with another entity or a reorganization of all or a part of our operational responsibilities or assets  we may disclose  transfer  assign our rights  and/or delegate our duties to your information without notice and consent  including to prospective or actual recipient or acquiring entities. Should this occur  we will require any third party receiving your Personal Information as described under this subsection to be contractually required to provide the same level of privacy compliance as provided by us under this Privacy Policy.  5.4 Disclaimer:  We cannot ensure that all of your Personal Information will be disclosed only in the ways described in this Privacy Policy. For example  third parties may unlawfully intercept or access transmissions or private communications  or users may abuse or misuse your Personal Information that they collect from the Services. Even with the most rigorous information security standards  no transmission of data over the internet can be 100% secure.  6. YOUR CHOICE AND OPTIONS RELATING TO OUR COLLECTION  You can choose not to provide Personal Information. You may always decline to provide your Personal Information to us. Registering for an account is not required to access some of our online content. If you decide to register  you can choose to provide information that does not reasonably identify you to others by selecting a username that is not related to your actual name. You can also decline to provide any optional information in your account. If you choose not to provide certain Personal Information to us  some of your experiences may be affected (for example  we cannot send you our newsletter if you do not provide your email address).  6.1 You May Decline Other Requests  We use your Personal Information as needed for the purposes for which it was collected or where you have consented to our use of such information. If you do not wish to provide information to us or do not wish to consent to the uses described in this Privacy Policy  please do not use the Services  set up an account  or supply the requested information to us.  6.2 Right to Access Specific Information and Data Portability Right  You may have the right under the CCPA to request that we disclose certain information to you about our collection and use of your Personal Information over the past twelve (12) months. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request  we will disclose to you:   The categories of Personal Information that we have collected about you.  The categories of sources for the Personal Information that we have collected about you.  Our business or commercial purpose for collecting or making available that Personal Information.  The categories of third parties with whom we share that Personal Information.  The specific pieces of Personal Information that we have collected about you (also called a data portability request).  If we disclosed your Personal Information for a Business Purpose  the Business Purpose for which such Personal Information was disclosed  and the Personal Information categories that each category of recipient obtained.   To exercise your right to access specific personal information and your data portability right  please fill out this form.  6.3 Right to Delete  You may have the right under the CCPA to request that we delete any of your Personal Information that we have collected from you and retained  subject to certain exceptions. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request  we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your Personal Information from our records  unless an exception applies.   We may deny your deletion request if retaining the information is necessary for us or our service provider(s) or vendor(s) to:   Complete the transaction for which we collected the Personal Information  provide a good or service that you requested  take actions reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you  or otherwise perform our contract with you.  Detect security incidents  protect against malicious  deceptive  fraudulent  or illegal activity  or prosecute those responsible for such activities.  Debug products to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality.  Exercise free speech  ensure the right of another consumer to exercise their free speech rights  or exercise another right provided for by law.  Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act (Cal. Penal Code § 1546 et. seq.).  Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific  historical  or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws  when the information’s deletion may likely render impossible or seriously impair the research’s achievement  if you previously provided informed consent.  Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with consumer expectations based on your relationship with us.  Comply with a legal obligation or legal order.  Make other internal and lawful uses of that information that are compatible with the context in which you provided it.   To exercise your right to request deletion of your personal information  please fill out this form.  6.4 Right to Opt-Out  If you are a California resident and you would like to minimize sharing of your information with third parties for marketing purposes  please fill out this form.  If you are a California resident and would like to exercise one of your rights  please contact us at Privacy Hotline 1-866-I-OPT-OUT (1-866-467-8688) and enter our Service Code 990# and select 1.  If you are 16 years of age or older  you may have the right under the CCPA to direct us not to make your Personal Information available for valuable consideration at any time (the “ right to opt-out ”). We do not make available the Personal Information of consumers we actually know are less than 16 years of age  unless we receive affirmative authorization (the “ right to opt-in ”) from either the consumer who is between 13 and 16 years of age  or the parent or guardian of a consumer less than 13 years of age. Consumers who opt-in may opt-out at any time.   6.5 Exercising Your Rights  Only you  or a person registered with the California Secretary of State that you authorize to act on your behalf  may make a verifiable consumer request related to your Personal Information. You may also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor child.   You may only make such a request for access or data portability twice within a twelve (12) month period. The verifiable consumer request must provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected Personal Information or an authorized representative  and describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand  evaluate  and respond to it.   We cannot respond to your request or provide you with Personal Information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the Personal Information relates to you. Making a verifiable consumer request does not require you to create an account with us. We will only use Personal Information provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify the requestor’s identity or authority to make the request.   We will respond to verifiable requests received from California residents as required by law. Any disclosures we provide will only cover the twelve (12) month period preceding the verifiable consumer request’s receipt. The response we provide will also explain the reasons we cannot comply with a request  if applicable. For data portability requests  we will select a format to provide your Personal Information that is readily useable and should allow you to transmit the information from one entity to another entity without hindrance.   We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request unless it is excessive  repetitive  or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that the request warrants a fee  we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request.  6.6 Non-Discrimination  We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights. Unless permitted by the CCPA  we will not:   Deny you goods or services.  Charge you different prices or rates for goods or services  including through granting discounts or other benefits  or imposing penalties.  Provide you a different level or quality of goods or services.  Suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.   However  we may offer you certain financial incentives permitted by the CCPA that can result in different prices  rates  or quality levels. Any CCPA-permitted financial incentive we offer will reasonably relate to your Personal Information’s value and contain written terms that describe the program’s material aspects. Participation in a financial incentive program requires your prior opt in consent  which you may revoke at any time.  6.7 Online Tracking Choices  Most web browsers are initially set up to accept Cookies  but you can reset your browser to refuse Cookies or to indicate when a Cookie is being sent. However  some features and services of the Services (particularly those that require sign-in) may not function properly if your Cookies are disabled. Similarly  if you choose to delete session objects from the Services  you may not be able to access or use all or part of the Services or benefit from some or all of the information or features and services offered.   Some web browsers incorporate a “Do Not Track” (“ DNT ”) or similar feature that signals to websites that a user does not want to have the user’s online activity and behavior tracked. If a website that responds to a particular DNT signal receives the DNT signal  the browser can block that website from collecting certain information about that browser’s user. Not all browsers offer a DNT option and DNT signals are not yet uniform. For this reason  many website operations  including the Services  do not respond to DNT signals.   7 ACCESSING AND UPDATING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION  We do not review for accuracy or update your information regularly  but encourage you to access  review and update your Personal Information at any time. To request a copy of your Personal Information and data or for assistance regarding canceling your account  or deleting your Personal Information  please fill out this form. We will respond to your request as soon as reasonably possible after verifying your authority to make such requests. Your requests for Personal Information deletion are subject to Section 6 of this Privacy Policy above and we will delete your Personal Information within a reasonable time.  8 SAFETY AND INFORMATION SECURITY MEASURES  8.1 Security  We use certain physical  managerial  and technical safeguards designed to preserve the security of your information that we maintain in connection with your use of the Services. For example  we encrypt all data with secure sockets layer (SSL) or similar technologies when we transmit your data. This  however  does not guarantee that your information may not be accessed  disclosed  altered  or destroyed by any breach of our physical  technical or managerial safeguards. You should take steps to protect against unauthorized access to your password  phone  computer  and other devices by  among other things  signing off after using a shared computer  choosing a robust password that nobody else knows or can easily guess  and keeping your log-in and password private. We are not responsible for any lost  stolen  or compromised passwords  or for any activity on your account via unauthorized password activity. In the event that any of your Personal Information under our control is compromised as a result of a breach of security  we will take reasonable steps to investigate the situation and will notify you  as appropriate  in accordance with pertinent laws and regulations.  8.2 Storage  We or our third party hosting providers store Personal Information in operating environments that are safeguarded against public or unauthorized access and protected from internal access with physical and technical security measures. While these measures are helpful to safeguard your Personal Information after we receive it  no transmission of data over the internet is 100% secure.  9 NOTICE TO USERS OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES   Please be aware that we are headquartered in the United States. The Services are governed by United States law. If you are using any of our products or services from outside of the United States  your information may be transferred to  stored  and processed in the United States where our servers may be located. The United States might not offer the same level of privacy protection as the country where you reside or are a citizen. BY USING THE SERVICES  COMMUNICATING WITH US VIA MAIL  EMAIL OR TELEPHONE  OR OTHERWISE PROVIDING INFORMATION TO US  YOU CONSENT TO THE TRANSFER TO  AND PROCESSING OF  YOUR INFORMATION IN THE UNITED STATES.  10 THE GENERAL DATA PROTECTION REGULATION (GDRP)  Residents of the European Economic Area (“ EEA ”) may be entitled to rights under the GDPR. If you qualify  these rights are summarized below.   If you request to exercise your rights under the GDPR  we may require verification of your identity before we respond to any such request. If you are entitled to these rights  you may exercise the following rights with respect to your Personal Information that we collect and store:   the right to withdraw consent to data processing at any time;  the right of access to your Personal Information;  the right to request a copy of your Personal Information;  the right to correct any inaccuracies in t your Personal Information;  the right to erase your Personal Information;  the right to data portability  meaning to request a transfer of your Personal Information from us to any other person or entity as chosen by you;  the right to request restriction of the processing of your Personal Information; and  the right to object to processing of your Personal Information.   You may exercise these rights free of charge. These rights will be exercisable subject to limitations as provided for by the GDPR. Any requests to exercise the above-listed rights may be made to: info@theragun.com . I f you are an EEA resident  you have the right to lodge a complaint with a Data Protection Authority about how we process your Personal Information at the following website: https://edpb.europa.eu/about-edpb/board/members_en .  11 CALIFORNIA SHINE THE LIGHT LAW  California Civil Code § 1798.83 permits users who are California residents to obtain from us once a year  free of charge  a list of third parties to whom we have disclosed Personal Information (if any) for direct marketing purposes in the preceding calendar year. If you are a California resident and you wish to make such a request  please send an e-mail with “California Privacy Rights” in the subject line to info@theragun.com . In your request  please attest to the fact that you are a California resident and provide a current California address. We will reply to valid requests by sending a response to the email address or physical address from which you submitted your request. Please note that not all information sharing is covered by the “Shine the Light” requirements and only information on covered sharing and the relevant details required by the Shine the Light law will be included in our response.  12 CALIFORNIA MINORS  While the Services is not intended for anyone under the age of 18  if you are a California resident who is under age 18 and you are unable to remove publicly-available content that you have submitted to us  you may request removal by contacting us at: info@theragun.com .  When requesting removal  you must specify the information you want removed and provide us with specific information  such as the URL for each page where the information was entered  so that we can find it. We are not required to remove any content or information that: (1) federal or state law requires us or a third party to maintain; (2) was not posted by you; (3) is anonymized so that you cannot be identified; (4) you do not follow our instructions for removing or requesting removal; or (5) you received compensation or other consideration for providing the content or information. Removal of your information from the Services does not ensure complete or comprehensive removal of that information from our systems or the systems of our service providers. We are not required to delete information posted by you; our obligations under California law are satisfied so long as we anonymize the information or render it invisible to other users and the public.  13 CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY  We encourage you to periodically review this Privacy Policy  as we may change our Privacy Policy from time to time  in which case we will post the updated Privacy Policy on our Services. If we make any changes to this Privacy Policy that materially affect our practices with regard to the Personal Information we have previously collected from you  we will endeavor to provide you with notice in advance of such change  such as by changing the effective date of the Privacy Policy or notifying you at your email address of record. Your continued use of the Services following a change in this Privacy Policy represents consent to the updated Privacy Policy to the fullest extent permitted by law.  14 PRIVACY QUESTIONS AND CONTACT INFORMATION  If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy  the ways in which we collect and use your information described in this Privacy Policy  your choices and rights regarding such use  or wish to exercise your rights under California law  please do not hesitate to contact us at:   E-mail : info@theragun.com      Products   Devices  Accessories  ProCare  Therabody App  Trade Up    Support   FAQ  Contact Us  Warranty Registration  Return Policy   Company   Founder's Note  Our Story  Retail Experience  Blog  Careers  Accessibility  Patents & Trademarks  Reviews  Press   Resources   Therabody University  Work With Us  Therabody Network  Military Discount  First Responders Discount  Frontline Healthcare Workers Discount   Stay updated on new products  events  and more  Email Newsletter Signup   Email  Email Address •  Sign Up    By signing up  you agree to our Privacy Policy and Terms .      Download the Therabody App   © 2020  Privacy  Terms     {tagManagerID:GTM-TCG79FP currency:AUD resouces:{logUrl:/on/demandware.store/Sites-Theragun-ANZ-Site/en_AU/GoogleAnalytics-Log}}        