       Home    Support    Terms & Conditions    Privacy Policy    PRIVACY POLICY    This privacy policy is for the Aflete which is a product of Aflete Ltd - any reference to “Aflete” in the following articles is in reference to Aflete Ltd. WE DO NOT SHARE YOUR INFORMATION WITH OTHER PARTIES - YOUR CONFIDENTIALITY IS KEY TO US.  Updated: 24 May 2018 according to YOUR DATA PROTECTION RIGHTS UNDER THE GENERAL DATA PROTECTION REGULATION (GDPR)   1 INFORMATION WE COLLECT   We collect the following types of information. Information you provide us directly:   When you register for an account:   Via Email: Your Full Name  password and email address.  Via Facebook: Your profile picture  full name and email address.   Profile information that you provide for your user profile:   First and last name  User profile picture  Bio and Goal: Information about you   Public Information: All content shared on Aflete is open to the public. We do not hide or make content private in any way.  Communications between you and Aflete. For example  we may send you Service-related emails (e.g.  account verification  changes/updates to features of the Service  technical and security notices). Note that you may not opt out of Service-related e-mails.  Your email and password are private and not available to the public.   Technical information we collect:   Additionally  any use of Aflete’s website and/or software may result in the collection of technical information such as your computer’s IP address  mobile device identifier  meta data  operating system  browser name/version  the referring web page  requested page; such information is used to help us understand the overall usage pattern of our website and software.  We also use third-party analytics tools to help us measure how you use Aflete. These tools collect information sent by your device or our Service  including how you like to use our software and website which can help us in improving our Service.  Aflete may invite you to provide information through feedback on features on our website or software; we may send out e-mail inviting feedback or offering products and services; or we may ask you for information concerning support of our products or services. Your response to these communications may require you to submit personal information and opinions.  HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION   We may use information that we receive to:   Help you efficiently access your information after you sign in  Remember information so you will not have to re-enter it during your visit or the next time you visit the Service;  Provide personalised content and information to you and others  which could include online ads or other forms of marketing  Provide  improve  test  and monitor the effectiveness of our Service  Develop and test new products and features  Monitor metrics such as total number of visitors  traffic  and demographic patterns  Diagnose or fix technology problems  Automatically update the Aflete application on your device  SHARING OF YOUR INFORMATION   We will not rent or sell your information to third parties outside Aflete without your consent  except as noted in this Policy. Parties with whom we may share your information:   We may share User Content not personal information with potential business partners  service providers as a way of improving our service and providing relevant content. This will be done under confidentiality terms.  We may remove parts of data that can identify you and share anonymized data with other parties. We may also combine your information with other information in a way that it is no longer associated with you and share that aggregated information.  We may be required to disclose your information without your prior consent by law for the following reasons:   Comply with law or legal process  Protect and defend our rights and property  or the rights and property of a third party  Protect us against misuse or unauthorized use of any of Aflete’s products  software  services  or other proprietary materials  Prevent death or imminent bodily harm. prevent and address fraud and other illegal activity   HOW WE STORE YOUR INFORMATION    Storage and Processing:   We use commercially reasonable precautions to help keep your personal information safe and stored securely. However  Aflete cannot ensure the security of any information you transmit to Aflete or guarantee that information on the Service may not be accessed  disclosed  altered  or destroyed.  Please do your part to help us. You are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your unique password and account information  and for controlling access to emails between you and Aflete  at all times. Your privacy settings may also be affected by changes the social media services you connect to Aflete make to their services. We are not responsible for the functionality  privacy  or security measures of any other organization.  Following termination or deactivation of your account  Aflete  its Affiliates  or its Service Providers may retain information (including your profile information) and User Content for a commercially reasonable time for backup  archival  and/or audit purposes.  Email our support to know about deleting your account team@aflete.com   CHILDREN'S PRIVACY   Aflete does not knowingly collect or solicit any information from anyone under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to register for the Service. The Service and its content are not directed at children under the age of 13. In the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 13 without parental consent  we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 13  please contact us.   OTHER WEB SITES AND SERVICES   We are not responsible for the practices employed by any websites or services linked to or from our Service  including the information or content contained within them. Please remember that when you use a link to go from our Service to another website or service  our Privacy Policy does not apply to those third-party websites or services. Your browsing and interaction on any third-party website or service  including those that have a link on our website/software  or are accessed through our web/in-app browser are subject to that third party's own rules and policies. In addition  you agree that we are not responsible and do not have control over any third-parties that you authorize to access your User Content. If you are using a third-party website or service and you allow them to access your User Content you do so at your own risk.    YOUR DATA PROTECTION RIGHTS UNDER THE GENERAL DATA PROTECTION REGULATION (GDPR)  If you are a resident of the EEA  you have the following data protection rights:   If you wish to access  correct  update  or request deletion of your personal information  you can do so at any time by team@aflete.com.  In addition  you can object to the processing of your personal information  ask us to restrict the processing of your personal information  or request portability of your personal information. Again  you can exercise these rights by emailing team@aflete.com.  You have the right to opt-out of marketing communications we send you at any time. You can exercise this right by clicking on the unsubscribe or opt-out link in the marketing emails we send you. To opt-out of other forms of marketing  please contact us by emailing team@aflete.com.  Similarly  if we have collected and process your personal information with your consent  then you can withdraw your consent at any time.  Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal  nor will it affect the processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.  You have the right to complain to a data protection authority about our collection and use of your personal information. For more information  please contact your local data protection authority.   We respond to all requests we receive from individuals wishing to exercise their data protection rights in accordance with applicable data protection laws.   OTHER WEB SITES AND SERVICES   If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or the Service  please find the appropriate support channel in the Aflete settings or contact us at team@aflete.com   CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY   Aflete may modify or update this Privacy Policy from time to time  so please review it periodically. We may provide you additional forms of notice of modifications or updates as appropriate under the circumstances. Your continued use of Aflete or the Service after any modification to this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such modification.      