 Ego360 - PRIVACY POLICY ENGLIGH  ESPANOL  ITALIANO    html Automatisch alle 5 Minuten aktualisiert VERSION: 00002 Last updated: 23 October  2018 Updates to Our Privacy Policy At EGO360  we’re continuously striving to provide you with the best possible experience – and your privacy is important to us. The recent updates due to the new EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)  effective as of May 25  2018: make it easier for you to understand which data we collect and how we use it give you increased control over your data and provide a detailed explanation of your rights as a user. IN GENERAL We  the team of Ego360 s.r.l. - Via Cimarosa 65 - 80127 Napoli (Italy) - P.IVA 06882461210 (see our imprint) (“EGO360“)  email address: service.ego360@gmail.com (“Email Address”)  process your personal data when you use our apps (“Apps”) or websites (“Websites” and  together with the Apps  “Products”). The processing of your personal data takes place in compliance with the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR“) and the Italian low. In this privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) we want to provide you with information about us  the nature  scope and purposes of the data collection and use  giving you insights into the processing of your personal data. CONTROLLER Controller. The controller of data processing is EGO360. You can contact us via email under the Email Address. Data Protection Officer. Our data protection officer can be contacted under the Email Address. Should you have any questions regarding the processing of your personal data  please do not hesitate to contact him/her. WHICH DATA WE COLLECT AND PROCESS In General. EGO360 processes personal data that you as a user of the Products make available to us  for example by using our Products  and that others provide to us (“Data”). Data You Provide to Us. Registration Information Mandatory Information: When required by the Product you have to provide us with certain information in order to register with us: email address or phone number; first and last name; gender; birthdate. Optional Information: Certain information is optional during registration and can also be added or deleted later on by you  such as: personal information: height and weight  address (street  postcode  city  country)  profile picture  family status; units: distance  weight  temperature; reason and motivation: sports level; description; motivation for doing sports; education and job: school  university; company  type of job; contact information: phone number  website; Twitter  Skype. Health & Fitness Activity Information fitness activities: e.g. start time  duration  distance  calories  elevation  heart rate  and location data; nutrition logging: e.g. time  calories  meal information (name  type  macronutrients  micronutrients); personal goals: e.g. yearly running goal  weight goal; training plan information: e.g. start date  training plan  associated fitness activities; event participation: e.g. event name  time  location; routes: e.g. name  description  location data; photos: including location data; LIVE Tracking  see The Dedicated Section; equipment information: e.g. shoe information (brand  model  size  color  picture). Friendship and Group Information sent friendship requests: time  user; accepted friendship requests: time  user; group participation: group name  time joined. Payment and Subscription Information. We use payment providers (e.g. Apple  Google  Adyen  PayPal) to process payments. Although we do not store any credit card information ourselves  we store a payment ID number that is given out by the respective provider and can be allocated to a person by that payment provider  as well as duration of your subscription  price  currency  VAT (based on country info)  and payment provider. Phone Book Contact List If you explicitly allow us to access your phone book  we will compare the email addresses of your contacts with email addresses from registered users of EGO360 and send you a list with friend suggestions. We do not store this information in any way. Data from Others. Registration via Facebook or Google If you register a EGO360 account via social login  we will receive the following information: Facebook Inc. (1601 South California Avenue  Palo Alto  CA 94304  USA  “Facebook”): First and last name  email address  gender  birthdate  profile picture; Google Inc. (1600 Amphitheatre Parkway Mountain View  CA 94043  USA  “Google”): First and last name  email address  gender  birthdate; and profile picture. Facebook Friend List We will receive information about your friends on Facebook if you explicitly allow us to access it. We will use this information to make friend suggestions in the Products  but do not store it. Import Fitness Activity Information from Connected Accounts General. We offer an automatic import of your fitness activity information from other platforms like Garmin  Nokia Health (Withings)  and Fitbit. You have to explicitly agree to connect your account from those platforms to your EGO360 account beforehand in order to import such data. Apple HealthKit. We use Apple’s (Apple Inc.  1 Infinite Loop  Cupertino  CA 95014  USA; “Apple”) HealthKit (for more information see here ) framework  which provides a central repository for health and fitness data on iPhone and Apple Watch and – with the user’s explicit consent – lets apps communicate with the HealthKit store to access and share this data. We process the following Data  obtained through the HealthKit framework and the Apple CoreMotion processor (for more information see here )  for the purposes described below and with explicit consent by the user: steps  calories  distance  duration  and heart rate. New data attributes may be added to the HealthKit framework  which will be portrayed in the Product and which you have to consent to. EGO360 and EGO360’s analytics service providers may analyze engagement data for research purposes designed to provide a personalized experience and motivate engagement in healthy habits. EGO360 does not use information gained through the HealthKit framework for advertising or similar services. You can always stop EGO360 from accessing your data by changing the settings of your mobile device. Google Fit. We use Google’s Fit SDK (for more information see here ) which is an open platform that lets users control their fitness data. We process the following Data  obtained through the Google Fit SDK  for the purposes described below and with explicit consent by the user: steps  calories  distance  duration  and heart rate. New data attributes may be added to the Google Fit framework  which will be portrayed in the Product and which you have to consent to. Service Use Google Analytics This Website uses Google Analytics  a web analysis service of Google. Google Analytics uses cookies. See our Cookie Policy for more information on cookies and how to opt-out of them. We use Google Analytics to analyze and constantly improve the use of our Products. The Products use Google Analytics in conjunction with the option “_anonymizeIP()”. This means  IP addresses are processed in a shortened form in order to prevent transmission of any personal data. The basis for the processing of Data are our legitimate interests. Google Analytics for Mobile General. For Apps on iOS and Android we use Google’s Google Analytics for Mobile (for more information see here ). User data is transmitted in an anonymized form to Google. Our Apps use identification for mobile devices  including the Google Advertising ID (“GAID”) and the ID for Advertising for iOS (“IDFA”)  as well as technologies similar to cookies for the use execution of the Analytics for mobile service. Purpose. We use Google Analytics to analyze and constantly improve the use of our Products. Through the statistics we are able to improve our services and make them more interesting for users. In those special cases in which personal data is transmitted to the USA  Google is certified via EU-US privacy shield. The basis for the processing of Data are our legitimate interests. Google Admob and Adsense We use Google Adsense ad Admob in all Products. Adsense ad Admob uses cookies or similar technologies to provide the user with user-relevant advertisements  improve the reports on campaign performance  and prevent users from seeing the same advertisements multiple times. Via cookie ID  Google records which advertisements have been shown in which browser and can prevent advertisements from being shown multiple times. See our Cookie Policy for more information on cookies and how to opt-out of them. According to Google  Adsense ad Admob cookies do not process personally identifiable information. The basis for the processing of Data are our legitimate interests. EGO360 Event Tracking When you are using our Products  we will collect certain event information (e.g. opening a EGO360 app  starting a sport activity  visiting our Website) and send them to our servers. This allows us to analyze and constantly improve the use of our Products. Facebook Analytics For Apps on iOS and Android we use Facebook Analytics (for more information see here ). This allows us to us to track and analyze which marketing channels or sources  in connection with Facebook  are producing the best results for directing users to download the Products and to help us understand how our users are using our app. For this purpose  Facebook Analytics processes mobile identifiers such as the IDFA  GAID or similar mobile identifiers. For more information on Facebook Analytics  see here. The basis for the processing of Data are our legitimate interests. Cookies and Similar Technologies. Cookies What Are Cookies. The Website uses 'cookies' – small text files that are placed on your computer  mobile device and/or stored by the browser. The basis for the processing of Data via cookies are our legitimate interests. Cookie Policy. For more information on the cookies we use  which  if any  personal data they collect  and how to disable them  please see our Cookie Policy here. Plug-Ins The EGO360 Products include social media plug-ins  such as Facebook; Google +  1600 Amphitheatre Parkway  Mountain View  CA 94043; Twitter  1355 Market Street  Suite 900  San Francisco  CA 94103  USA; and WhatsApp  WhatsApp Inc.  650 Castro Street  Suite 120-219  Mountain View  CA 94041  USA. Such plug-ins can recognize a user’s IP address and the page visited on the EGO360.com platform and  possibly  store cookies  so that the services offered by EGO360 work properly. Some Apps may use functions of third parties (e.g. Facebook) through the third party’s SDK (Software Development Kit)  which may process general device data (e.g. device ID  etc.). Social media plug-ins and widgets are hosted either by third-party providers or directly by us. Your interactions with these plugins are subject to this Privacy Policy or the privacy policy of any third party that offers such feature. The basis for the processing of Data via plug-ins are our legitimate interests. EGO360 IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR THE USE OF  OR GUIDELINES REGARDING THE USE OF  PERSONAL DATA BY THIRD-PARTY PROVIDERS. Users may recognize the respective plug-ins of third parties  e.g. by the respective logo or other characteristics typical for the respective social media platform on our Website. You can find an overview of Facebook plug-ins here. You can find an overview of Google+ plug-ins here. You can find an overview of Twitter plug-ins here. If a user interacts with the plug-ins  e.g. by clicking on the Facebook “Like” button or entering a comment  while being logged in to said user's Social Media account on Facebook  Google+  or Twitter  a user links the contents of the EGO360 Website to his/her respective social media profile. Thereby  Facebook/Google+/Twitter can associate a user's visit or use of the Products with said user's social media account. EGO360  as the provider of the Products  does not have any knowledge of the content of the transmitted data or its usage by Facebook  Google+  or Twitter. Users can find more information on the issue of data transmission in the privacy policy of the respective social media platform: Facebook: http://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/ Google+: http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/ Twitter: https://twitter.com/privacy If users do not want to have the respective social media platform associate their visits to our Website with their social media account  users must log out from their social media account. Do Not Track Signals The Products do not recognize or respond to browser-initiated Do Not Track signals. To learn more about Do Not Track signals  you can visit https://allaboutdnt.com. Device and Location Information. When you visit or leave our Products  we receive the URL of both the site you came from and the one you go to next  as well as date and time stamp and time zone; IP address  access status/HTTP status code; transmitted data volume; proxy server  operating system  web browser (including language and version of the browser software) and add-ons; device identifier and features; and/or ISP or your mobile carrier; and/or GPS information or other phone-related location data (e.g. via WiFi or Bluetooth)  after your explicit opt-in. WHY WE PROCESS DATA (“PURPOSES”) Operating the Products. We process your Data to be able to provide you with a seamless user experience when using the Products. Providing Services. To operate the Products and provide the services  including to authenticate your access to an account; track and display your health and fitness activities show your training progress and statistics; Connect with Friends. To make it easier for you to find and connect with others. We may use the information you have shared within the Products  including GPS data  to suggest connections between you and people you may know. For example  we may associate information that we learn about you through your and your friends’ use of the Products  and information you and others provide  to suggest people you may know or may want to transact with through our Products. Customer Support. To investigate  respond to your requests  and resolve complaints and service issues  e.g. to contact you about a question you submitted to our customer service team. Business Needs. We process your Data to manage our business needs. Performance. We process Data to monitor  analyse and improve the use of our Products  as well as protect the security or integrity of the Products  and their performance and functionality. For example  we analyze user behaviour and perform research about the way you use our Products. Research and Development. We process Data  including public feedback  to conduct research for the further development of our Products  in order to provide you and others with a better  more intuitive and personalized experience  and drive user growth and engagement in our Products. Advertising. We target and measure the performance of ads to registered users and visitors directly or through AdSense and Admob using the following data  whether separately or combined: gender; age; language; activity data (sport type  distance  duration). Marketing General. We process Data to deliver (tailored) marketing materials about EGO360 products and online services to you. Email/Push Message Marketing. With your explicit consent we will send you marketing emails or push messages with information on fitness and health-related topics. We will ask you to confirm your email address before you receive any marketing emails. We would like to inform you that we assess your user behavior when reading the emails with the help of so-called web beacons or tracking pixels. The information created by this is then linked to the information collected in 3.6  your email address  and an individual ID. With this merged information  we can create a user profile to personalize our marketing emails / push messages. We collect data on when you read our emails  or which links you click  and combine this with your actions in the Product. We store and use your Data for the purpose of email marketing or marketing on the Website by EGO360. You can revoke your consent to the marketing emails and push messages at any time  by clicking the link at the end of the email or changing your privacy settings concerning push messages. We store the tracking information as long as you are subscribed to our marketing emails. Retargeting. You might see marketing messages (ads) on the platforms listed below  if you give us your explicit consent to share your advertising identifier (IDFA  GAID) with those platforms. In addition  other users who have similar characteristics to you on those platforms could see marketing messages on those platforms as well (i.e. Facebook Lookalike audience). An opt-out is possible at any time in your privacy settings. It may take a few days after the opt-out until you are removed from all audiences. List of other platforms: Facebook  Instagram  Google  Twitter  Snapchat  MyTarget  and Pinterest. Compliance and Enforcement. Compliance. We process your Data to comply with our obligations and in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations. Enforcement. We process your Data  if we think it’s necessary for security purposes or to investigate possible fraud or other violations of our Terms & Conditions or this Privacy Policy and/or attempts to harm our members or visitors. SHARING OF PERSONAL DATA General. We share Data with third parties if this is necessary  for the Purposes  due to a request from a national authority  due to a court ruling  if required by law  if necessary to investigate and defend ourselves against any third-party claims or allegations  to exercise or protect the rights and safety of EGO360  our members  personnel  or if you have (explicitly) consented beforehand. We attempt to notify you about legal demands for your Data when we think it is appropriate  unless prohibited by law or court order  or when the request is an emergency. We may dispute such demands when we believe that the requests are overbroad  vague or lack proper authority. Special categories of personal data  such as heart rate data or other health data  will never be shared with advertisers or similar agencies. Our Services. Profile. Your profile is fully visible to your friends on EGO360 by default. This means  as soon as you add friends in the Products  those people will be able to see your profile  including when you join groups and events. In your privacy settings you can also set your profile visibility to “Only me” or “Everybody”. Please note that your first name  last name  and profile picture are visible to everybody at all times. This is necessary to enable others to send you a friend request. News Feed. Our services allow viewing and sharing information  including through posts  likes  and comments. Certain actions  such as tracking an activity  starting a training plan  upgrading to Premium Membership or establishing a new friendship connection  will be automatically posted in the News Feed. By default setting  only you and your friends will be able to see such activities in their News Feed. You can modify the visibility anytime in your privacy settings. Leaderboard. If you track an activity  you will automatically join a weekly/monthly Leaderboard of accumulated distance  duration  or number of steps among your friends. This means  once you add friends  you will be part of the Leaderboard. You can opt out of this at any time in your privacy settings. LIVE Tracking. The Products include a “LIVE Tracking” feature (“LIVE Tracking”)  which enables other EGO360 users to see the route and data  including heart rates  of your sports activity on certain of the Products. LIVE Tracking can only be either activated or deactivated for all other EGO360 users. LIVE Tracking is deactivated by default and can be activated by you at your own discretion. Once activated  it stays activated for new activities  unless you turn it off again. By activating the feature  you accept the responsibility for such activation at your own risk. If you do not want to give third parties access to your training route and data  then LIVE Tracking should not be activated. Heart Rate Monitor. Personal health information collected and stored by EGO360  and subsequently shared by the user via Heart Rate Monitor  may not be protected under the American Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA). HealthKit. If a registered user explicitly consents  EGO360 may share said registered user’s data obtained through the HealthKit framework with a third party for medical research. Services You May Use. EGO360 lets you connect to third-party services. For example  to enable you to connect other accounts to your EGO360 profile or for sharing your activities with friends. Health and Fitness Services. EGO360 transfers your information to other health and fitness services  such as Apple HealthKit  Google Fit or MyFitnessPal  only after you explicitly consent to the transfer when you connect to such services. Social Networks and Messenger Services. You can decide to share finished activities via Facebook  Twitter  WhatsApp  Telegram or any other messenger service you may use on your mobile device. Please note that we do not have any influence on or knowledge of the scope and the further use of the Data by the respective messaging service  and cannot take any responsibility for the use of your Data by the respective messaging provider. Please see the messaging service’s respective privacy policies for details. Service Providers and Other Third Party Services. Service Providers. We share your information to others  who help us provide and improve our Products (e.g. maintenance  analysis  audit  payments  fraud detection  marketing and development). Service providers will have access to your information as reasonably necessary to perform these tasks on our behalf  and are obligated not to disclose or use it for other purposes. We use processors such as Adjust  Google  Facebook  Amazon Web Services  Inc.  Emarsys eMarketing Systems AG  Pushwoosh  Inc.  NewRelic  Inc.  Apptimize  Inc. or Zendesk  Inc. HOW LONG WE STORE DATA Storage Period. We store your Data as long as you are a registered user of the Products. Beyond that  we only store Data  if it is legally necessary (because of warranty  limitation or retention periods) or otherwise required. Account Deletion. If you decide to delete your account  all Data we have about you will be deleted  with the following exceptions: Any details made public by you (e.g. routes  comments on other registered users’ sport activities  will be anonymized  i.e. it will be made clear that such details were provided by a deleted user). Any Data required for EGO360’s performance of contractual obligations or compliance with statutory retention obligations shall not be deleted  but minimized to the necessary extent. A deletion request does not affect Data  if the storage is legally necessary  for example for accounting purposes. WHICH RIGHTS YOU HAVE How to exercise your Rights. To exercise your rights please send a request via email to the Email Address or via mail to our postal address. Revocation of Consent. You can revoke your consent – in those cases where consent for processing is necessary – for future data processing at any time. However  this does not affect the lawfulness of Data processing based on the consent before the revocation. In certain cases  we may continue to process your information after you have withdrawn consent  if we have another legal basis to do so or if your withdrawal of consent was limited to certain processing activities. Right of Access. You have the right to obtain (1) confirmation as to whether or not your Data is being processed by us and  if so  (2) more specific information on the Data. The more specific information concerns  among other things  processing purposes  categories of Data  potential recipients  or the duration of storage. Right to Rectification. You have the right to obtain the rectification of inaccurate Data concerning you from us. In case the Data processed by us is not correct  we will rectify these without undue delay and inform you of this rectification. Please note that (1) you can rectify much of your information in the settings and (2) it is not technically possible for us to rectify all kinds of data in our Product. Right to Erasure. You have the right to delete Data we store about you. Should you decide to do so  please go to your account settings on the Website and delete your account there. If you are unable to do this  please contact us via the Email Address. As a safety measure  we will send you an email in order for you to confirm this deletion. We will delete your Data after this confirmation. Please note that your phone may still have Data stored on it after deletion of your account. Right to Restriction of Processing. You have the right to obtain a restriction of processing of your Data from us in the following cases: you make an inquiry pursuant paragraph “Right to Rectification”  if you so request; you are of the opinion that the processing of your Data is unlawful  but are opposed to an erasure of Data; you still require the Data for the establishment  exercise or defense of legal claims; or you have objected to the processing pursuant paragraph “Right to Object”. Right to Data Portability. You have the right to (1) receive a copy of your Data in a structured  commonly used and machine-readable format and (2) transmit those Data to another controller without hindrance from us. To ask a copy of your Data  send a request to service.ego360@gmail.com . Right to Object. You have the right to object at any time to the processing of Data for which our legitimate interests are the legal basis  including profiling based on those provisions. You also have the right to object to processing of Data for direct marketing purposes. Right to File a Complaint. You have the right to file a complaint with your local supervisory authority  if you think that the processing of Data infringes applicable law. FURTHER IMPORTANT INFORMATION Legal Bases. Data protection laws regulate that we are only allowed to collect and process your Data  if we have lawful bases for processing. The lawfulness of processing of Data stems from: your (explicit) consent in cases where you have given (explicit) consent to the processing; the necessity for the performance of your user contract  e.g. where Data is needed for a satisfactory use of the Product; or legitimate interests pursued by EGO360 or a third party  e.g. our use of cookies  plug-ins  or targeted advertising.  Our legitimate interests include protecting you  EGO360  or others from security threats or fraud  complying with all applicable laws  managing and improving our business (e.g. customer service  reporting) including possible corporate transactions (e.g. M&A)  enabling users to share their and connect via their fitness experiences  and express all fitness and health-related opinions. Security Measures. We are committed to protecting your Data and implement appropriate technical and organizational security measures to protect it against any unauthorized or unlawful processing and against any accidental loss  destruction  or damage. Those security measures are constantly revised to comply with the latest technological developments. CHANGES TO THE PRIVACY POLICY General. EGO360 may change this Privacy Policy. Material Changes. If we make material changes to it  we will provide notice directly in our Products  or by other means (e.g. via email)  to offer you the opportunity to review the changes before they become effective. Material changes could  for example  include further tracking  profiling  and analytics services. Should your consent be necessary  we will ask for it before the changes become effective. If you object to any changes  you may need to close your account as it might not function properly.  