     Privacy Policy of Body Measurement Tracker  This Application collects some Personal Data from its Users.  This document contains a section dedicated to Brazilian Users and their privacy rights .  This document can be printed for reference by using the print command in the settings of any browser.  Policy summary    Personal Data collected for the following purposes and using the following services:   Access to third party services' accounts    Google Drive account access  Personal Data: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service    Advertising    AdMob  Personal Data: Cookies; unique device identifiers for advertising (Google Advertiser ID or IDFA  for example); Usage Data    MoPub  Personal Data: Cookies; Usage Data    Analytics    Google Analytics for Firebase and Fabric Answers  Personal Data: Cookies; unique device identifiers for advertising (Google Advertiser ID or IDFA  for example); Usage Data    Content performance and features testing (A/B testing)    Firebase Remote Config  Personal Data: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service    Hosting and backend infrastructure    Firebase Realtime Database and Firebase Cloud Storage  Personal Data: Usage Data; various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service    Infrastructure monitoring    Crashlytics  Personal Data: geographic position; unique device identifiers for advertising (Google Advertiser ID or IDFA  for example); various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service    Registration and authentication    Firebase Authentication  Personal Data: email address     Contact information   Owner and Data Controller  Cook Applications  2101 Meade Ln  Durham NC 27707  Owner contact email: cook348@gmail.com  Full policy Owner and Data Controller  Cook Applications  2101 Meade Ln  Durham NC 27707  Owner contact email: cook348@gmail.com    Types of Data collected  Among the types of Personal Data that this Application collects  by itself or through third parties  there are:     Cookies; Usage Data; unique device identifiers for advertising (Google Advertiser ID or IDFA  for example); geographic position; email address.  Complete details on each type of Personal Data collected are provided in the dedicated sections of this privacy policy or by specific explanation texts displayed prior to the Data collection. Personal Data may be freely provided by the User  or  in case of Usage Data  collected automatically when using this Application. Unless specified otherwise  all Data requested by this Application is mandatory and failure to provide this Data may make it impossible for this Application to provide its services. In cases where this Application specifically states that some Data is not mandatory  Users are free not to communicate this Data without consequences to the availability or the functioning of the Service. Users who are uncertain about which Personal Data is mandatory are welcome to contact the Owner. Any use of Cookies – or of other tracking tools – by this Application or by the owners of third-party services used by this Application serves the purpose of providing the Service required by the User  in addition to any other purposes described in the present document and in the Cookie Policy  if available.  Users are responsible for any third-party Personal Data obtained  published or shared through this Application and confirm that they have the third party's consent to provide the Data to the Owner.    Mode and place of processing the Data  Methods of processing  The Owner takes appropriate security measures to prevent unauthorized access  disclosure  modification  or unauthorized destruction of the Data. The Data processing is carried out using computers and/or IT enabled tools  following organizational procedures and modes strictly related to the purposes indicated. In addition to the Owner  in some cases  the Data may be accessible to certain types of persons in charge  involved with the operation of this Application (administration  sales  marketing  legal  system administration) or external parties (such as third-party technical service providers  mail carriers  hosting providers  IT companies  communications agencies) appointed  if necessary  as Data Processors by the Owner. The updated list of these parties may be requested from the Owner at any time.  Legal basis of processing  The Owner may process Personal Data relating to Users if one of the following applies:   Users have given their consent for one or more specific purposes. Note: Under some legislations the Owner may be allowed to process Personal Data until the User objects to such processing (“opt-out”)  without having to rely on consent or any other of the following legal bases. This  however  does not apply  whenever the processing of Personal Data is subject to European data protection law;  provision of Data is necessary for the performance of an agreement with the User and/or for any pre-contractual obligations thereof;  processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which the Owner is subject;  processing is related to a task that is carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in the Owner;  processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by the Owner or by a third party.   In any case  the Owner will gladly help to clarify the specific legal basis that applies to the processing  and in particular whether the provision of Personal Data is a statutory or contractual requirement  or a requirement necessary to enter into a contract.  Place  The Data is processed at the Owner's operating offices and in any other places where the parties involved in the processing are located. Depending on the User's location  data transfers may involve transferring the User's Data to a country other than their own. To find out more about the place of processing of such transferred Data  Users can check the section containing details about the processing of Personal Data.  Users are also entitled to learn about the legal basis of Data transfers to a country outside the European Union or to any international organization governed by public international law or set up by two or more countries  such as the UN  and about the security measures taken by the Owner to safeguard their Data. If any such transfer takes place  Users can find out more by checking the relevant sections of this document or inquire with the Owner using the information provided in the contact section.  Retention time  Personal Data shall be processed and stored for as long as required by the purpose they have been collected for.  Therefore:   Personal Data collected for purposes related to the performance of a contract between the Owner and the User shall be retained until such contract has been fully performed.  Personal Data collected for the purposes of the Owner’s legitimate interests shall be retained as long as needed to fulfill such purposes. Users may find specific information regarding the legitimate interests pursued by the Owner within the relevant sections of  this document or by contacting the Owner.   The Owner may be allowed to retain Personal Data for a longer period whenever the User has given consent to such processing  as long as such consent is not withdrawn. Furthermore  the Owner may be obliged to retain Personal Data for a longer period whenever required to do so for the performance of a legal obligation or upon order of an authority. Once the retention period expires  Personal Data shall be deleted. Therefore  the right to access  the right to erasure  the right to rectification and the right to data portability cannot be enforced after expiration of the retention period.    The purposes of processing  The Data concerning the User is collected to allow the Owner to provide its Service  comply with its legal obligations  respond to enforcement requests  protect its rights and interests (or those of its Users or third parties)  detect any malicious or fraudulent activity  as well as the following:     Advertising  Infrastructure monitoring  Access to third party services' accounts  Registration and authentication  Content performance and features testing (A/B testing)  Analytics and Hosting and backend infrastructure.  For specific information about the Personal Data used for each purpose  the User may refer to the section “Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data”.    Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data  Personal Data is collected for the following purposes and using the following services: Access to third party services' accounts   This type of services allows this Application to access Data from your account on a third party service and perform actions with it. These services are not activated automatically  but require explicit authorization by the User.  Google Drive account access (Google Inc.)   This service allows this Application to connect with the User's account on Google Drive  provided by Google LLC or by Google Ireland Limited  depending on the location this Application is accessed from.  Personal Data processed: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service. Place of processing: US – Privacy Policy . Privacy Shield participant.   Advertising   This type of service allows User Data to be utilized for advertising communication purposes displayed in the form of banners and other advertisements on this Application  possibly based on User interests. This does not mean that all Personal Data are used for this purpose. Information and conditions of use are shown below. Some of the services listed below may use Cookies to identify Users or they may use the behavioral retargeting technique  i.e. displaying ads tailored to the User’s interests and behavior  including those detected outside this Application. For more information  please check the privacy policies of the relevant services. In addition to any opt out offered by any of the services below  the User may opt out of a third-party service's use of cookies by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page .  AdMob (AdMob Google Inc.)   AdMob is an advertising service provided by AdMob Google Inc.  In order to understand Google's use of Data  consult Google's partner policy .  Personal Data processed: Cookies; unique device identifiers for advertising (Google Advertiser ID or IDFA  for example); Usage Data. Place of processing: US – Privacy Policy – Opt Out .  MoPub (MoPub Inc.)   MoPub is an advertising service provided by MoPub Inc.  Personal Data processed: Cookies; Usage Data. Place of processing: US – Privacy Policy .   Analytics   The services contained in this section enable the Owner to monitor and analyze web traffic and can be used to keep track of User behavior.  Google Analytics for Firebase (Google Inc.)   Google Analytics for Firebase or Firebase Analytics is an analytics service provided by Google LLC or by Google Ireland Limited  depending on the location this Application is accessed from.  In order to understand Google's use of Data  consult Google's partner policy .  Firebase Analytics may share Data with other tools provided by Firebase  such as Crash Reporting  Authentication  Remote Config or Notifications. The User may check this privacy policy to find a detailed explanation about the other tools used by the Owner.  This Application uses identifiers for mobile devices and technologies similar to cookies to run the Firebase Analytics service.  Users may opt-out of certain Firebase features through applicable device settings  such as the device advertising settings for mobile phones or by following the instructions in other Firebase related sections of this privacy policy  if available.  Personal Data processed: Cookies; unique device identifiers for advertising (Google Advertiser ID or IDFA  for example); Usage Data. Place of processing: USA – Privacy Policy . Privacy Shield participant.  Fabric Answers (Google LLC)   Fabric Answers is an analytics service provided by Crashlytics  a business division of Google LLC.  In order to understand Google's use of Data  consult Google's partner policy .  This service is designed for mobile apps analytics and can collect various information about your phone  highlighted in the Fabric Answers privacy policy. In particular  this Application uses identifiers for mobile devices (including Android Advertising ID or Advertising Identifier for iOS  respectively) and technologies similar to cookies to run the Fabric Answers service. Fabric Answers may share Data with other tools provided by Fabric/Crashlytics  such as Crashlytics or Twitter. The User may check this privacy policy to find a detailed explanation about the other tools used by the Owner. Users may opt-out of certain Fabric Answers features through applicable device settings  such as the device advertising settings for mobile phones or by following the instructions in other Fabric related sections of this privacy policy  if available.  Personal Data processed: Cookies; unique device identifiers for advertising (Google Advertiser ID or IDFA  for example); Usage Data. Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy .   Content performance and features testing (A/B testing)   The services contained in this section allow the Owner to track and analyze the User response concerning web traffic or behavior regarding changes to the structure  text or any other component of this Application.  Firebase Remote Config (Google Inc.)   Firebase Remote Config is an A/B testing and configuration service provided by Google LLC or by Google Ireland Limited  depending on the location this Application is accessed from.  Personal Data processed: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service. Place of processing: USA – Privacy Policy . Privacy Shield participant.   Hosting and backend infrastructure   This type of service has the purpose of hosting Data and files that enable this Application to run and be distributed as well as to provide a ready-made infrastructure to run specific features or parts of this Application.  Some services among those listed below  if any  may work through geographically distributed servers  making it difficult to determine the actual location where the Personal Data are stored.  Firebase Realtime Database (Google LLC)   Firebase Realtime Database is a hosting and backend service provided by Google LLC.  Personal Data processed: Usage Data; various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service. Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy . Privacy Shield participant.  Firebase Cloud Storage (Google LLC)   Firebase Cloud Storage is a hosting service provided by Google LLC.  Personal Data processed: Usage Data; various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service. Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy . Privacy Shield participant.   Infrastructure monitoring   This type of service allows this Application to monitor the use and behavior of its components so its performance  operation  maintenance and troubleshooting can be improved. Which Personal Data are processed depends on the characteristics and mode of implementation of these services  whose function is to filter the activities of this Application.  Crashlytics (Google Inc.)   Crashlytics is a monitoring service provided by Google LLC or by Google Ireland Limited  depending on the location this Application is accessed from.  Personal Data processed: geographic position; unique device identifiers for advertising (Google Advertiser ID or IDFA  for example); various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service. Place of processing: US – Privacy Policy .   Registration and authentication   By registering or authenticating  Users allow this Application to identify them and give them access to dedicated services. Depending on what is described below  third parties may provide registration and authentication services. In this case  this Application will be able to access some Data  stored by these third party services  for registration or identification purposes.  Firebase Authentication (Google Inc.)   Firebase Authentication is a registration and authentication service provided by Google Inc. To simplify the registration and authentication process  Firebase Authentication can make use of third party identity providers and save the information on its platform.  Personal Data processed: email address. Place of processing: USA – Privacy Policy .    The rights of Users  Users may exercise certain rights regarding their Data processed by the Owner.  In particular  Users have the right to do the following:   Withdraw their consent at any time. Users have the right to withdraw consent where they have previously given their consent to the processing of their Personal Data.  Object to processing of their Data. Users have the right to object to the processing of their Data if the processing is carried out on a legal basis other than consent. Further details are provided in the dedicated section below.  Access their Data. Users have the right to learn if Data is being processed by the Owner  obtain disclosure regarding certain aspects of the processing and obtain a copy of the Data undergoing processing.  Verify and seek rectification. Users have the right to verify the accuracy of their Data and ask for it to be updated or corrected.  Restrict the processing of their Data. Users have the right  under certain circumstances  to restrict the processing of their Data. In this case  the Owner will not process their Data for any purpose other than storing it.  Have their Personal Data deleted or otherwise removed. Users have the right  under certain circumstances  to obtain the erasure of their Data from the Owner.  Receive their Data and have it transferred to another controller. Users have the right to receive their Data in a structured  commonly used and machine readable format and  if technically feasible  to have it transmitted to another controller without any hindrance. This provision is applicable provided that the Data is processed by automated means and that the processing is based on the User's consent  on a contract which the User is part of or on pre-contractual obligations thereof.  Lodge a complaint. Users have the right to bring a claim before their competent data protection authority.   Details about the right to object to processing  Where Personal Data is processed for a public interest  in the exercise of an official authority vested in the Owner or for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by the Owner  Users may object to such processing by providing a ground related to their particular situation to justify the objection.  Users must know that  however  should their Personal Data be processed for direct marketing purposes  they can object to that processing at any time without providing any justification. To learn  whether the Owner is processing Personal Data for direct marketing purposes  Users may refer to the relevant sections of this document.  How to exercise these rights  Any requests to exercise User rights can be directed to the Owner through the contact details provided in this document. These requests can be exercised free of charge and will be addressed by the Owner as early as possible and always within one month.    Additional information about Data collection and processing  Legal action  The User's Personal Data may be used for legal purposes by the Owner in Court or in the stages leading to possible legal action arising from improper use of this Application or the related Services. The User declares to be aware that the Owner may be required to reveal personal data upon request of public authorities.  Additional information about User's Personal Data  In addition to the information contained in this privacy policy  this Application may provide the User with additional and contextual information concerning particular Services or the collection and processing of Personal Data upon request.  System logs and maintenance  For operation and maintenance purposes  this Application and any third-party services may collect files that record interaction with this Application (System logs) use other Personal Data (such as the IP Address) for this purpose.  Information not contained in this policy  More details concerning the collection or processing of Personal Data may be requested from the Owner at any time. Please see the contact information at the beginning of this document.  How “Do Not Track” requests are handled  This Application does not support “Do Not Track” requests. To determine whether any of the third-party services it uses honor the “Do Not Track” requests  please read their privacy policies.  Changes to this privacy policy  The Owner reserves the right to make changes to this privacy policy at any time by notifying its Users on this page and possibly within this Application and/or - as far as technically and legally feasible - sending a notice to Users via any contact information available to the Owner. It is strongly recommended to check this page often  referring to the date of the last modification listed at the bottom. Should the changes affect processing activities performed on the basis of the User’s consent  the Owner shall collect new consent from the User  where required.    Information for Users residing in Brazil  This part of the document integrates with and supplements the information contained in the rest of the privacy policy and is provided by the entity running this Application and  if the case may be  its parent  subsidiaries and affiliates (for the purposes of this section referred to collectively as “we”  “us”  “our”). The provisions contained in this section apply to all Users who reside in Brazil  according to the Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados (Users are referred to below  simply as “you”  “your”  “yours”). For such Users  these provisions supersede any other possibly divergent or conflicting provisions contained in the privacy policy. This part of the document uses the term “personal information“ as it is defined in the Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados ( LGPD ).  The grounds on which we process your personal information  We can process your personal information solely if we have a legal basis for such processing. Legal bases are as follows:  your consent to the relevant processing activities;  compliance with a legal or regulatory obligation that lies with us;  the carrying out of public policies provided in laws or regulations or based on contracts  agreements and similar legal instruments;  studies conducted by research entities  preferably carried out on anonymized personal information;  the carrying out of a contract and its preliminary procedures  in cases where you are a party to said contract;  the exercising of our rights in judicial  administrative or arbitration procedures;  protection or physical safety of yourself or a third party;  the protection of health – in procedures carried out by health entities or professionals;  our legitimate interests  provided that your fundamental rights and liberties do not prevail over such interests; and  credit protection.   To find out more about the legal bases  you can contact us at any time using the contact details provided in this document.  Categories of personal information processed  To find out what categories of your personal information are processed  you can read the section titled “Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data” within this document.  Why we process your personal information  To find out why we process your personal information  you can read the sections titled “Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data” and “The purposes of processing” within this document.  Your Brazilian privacy rights  how to file a request and our response to your requests  Your Brazilian privacy rights  You have the right to:  obtain confirmation of the existence of processing activities on your personal information;  access to your personal information;  have incomplete  inaccurate or outdated personal information rectified;  obtain the anonymization  blocking or elimination of your unnecessary or excessive personal information  or of information that is not being processed in compliance with the LGPD;  obtain information on the possibility to provide or deny your consent and the consequences thereof;  obtain information about the third parties with whom we share your personal information;  obtain  upon your express request  the portability of your personal information (except for anonymized information) to another service or product provider  provided that our commercial and industrial secrets are safeguarded;  obtain the deletion of your personal information being processed if the processing was based upon your consent  unless one or more exceptions provided for in art. 16 of the LGPD apply;  revoke your consent at any time;  lodge a complaint related to your personal information with the ANPD (the National Data Protection Authority) or with consumer protection bodies;  oppose a processing activity in cases where the processing is not carried out in compliance with the provisions of the law;  request clear and adequate information regarding the criteria and procedures used for an automated decision; and  request the review of decisions made solely on the basis of the automated processing of your personal information  which affect your interests. These include decisions to define your personal  professional  consumer and credit profile  or aspects of your personality.   You will never be discriminated against  or otherwise suffer any sort of detriment  if you exercise your rights.  How to file your request  You can file your express request to exercise your rights free from any charge  at any time  by using the contact details provided in this document  or via your legal representative.  How and when we will respond to your request  We will strive to promptly respond to your requests. In any case  should it be impossible for us to do so  we’ll make sure to communicate to you the factual or legal reasons that prevent us from immediately  or otherwise ever  complying with your requests. In cases where we are not processing your personal information  we will indicate to you the physical or legal person to whom you should address your requests  if we are in the position to do so.  In the event that you file an access or personal information processing confirmation request  please make sure that you specify whether you’d like your personal information to be delivered in electronic or printed form. You will also need to let us know whether you want us to answer your request immediately  in which case we will answer in a simplified fashion  or if you need a complete disclosure instead. In the latter case  we’ll respond within 15 days from the time of your request  providing you with all the information on the origin of your personal information  confirmation on whether or not records exist  any criteria used for the processing and the purposes of the processing  while safeguarding our commercial and industrial secrets.  In the event that you file a rectification  deletion  anonymization or personal information blocking request  we will make sure to immediately communicate your request to other parties with whom we have shared your personal information in order to enable such third parties to also comply with your request – except in cases where such communication is proven impossible or involves disproportionate effort on our side.  Transfer of personal information outside of Brazil permitted by the law  We are allowed to transfer your personal information outside of the Brazilian territory in the following cases:  when the transfer is necessary for international legal cooperation between public intelligence  investigation and prosecution bodies  according to the legal means provided by the international law;  when the transfer is necessary to protect your life or physical security or those of a third party;  when the transfer is authorized by the ANPD;  when the transfer results from a commitment undertaken in an international cooperation agreement;  when the transfer is necessary for the execution of a public policy or legal attribution of public service;  when the transfer is necessary for compliance with a legal or regulatory obligation  the carrying out of a contract or preliminary procedures related to a contract  or the regular exercise of rights in judicial  administrative or arbitration procedures.  Definitions and legal references   Personal Data (or Data)  Any information that directly  indirectly  or in connection with other information — including a personal identification number — allows for the identification or identifiability of a natural person.  Usage Data  Information collected automatically through this Application (or third-party services employed in this Application)  which can include: the IP addresses or domain names of the computers utilized by the Users who use this Application  the URI addresses (Uniform Resource Identifier)  the time of the request  the method utilized to submit the request to the server  the size of the file received in response  the numerical code indicating the status of the server's answer (successful outcome  error  etc.)  the country of origin  the features of the browser and the operating system utilized by the User  the various time details per visit (e.g.  the time spent on each page within the Application) and the details about the path followed within the Application with special reference to the sequence of pages visited  and other parameters about the device operating system and/or the User's IT environment.  User  The individual using this Application who  unless otherwise specified  coincides with the Data Subject.  Data Subject  The natural person to whom the Personal Data refers.  Data Processor (or Data Supervisor)  The natural or legal person  public authority  agency or other body which processes Personal Data on behalf of the Controller  as described in this privacy policy.  Data Controller (or Owner)  The natural or legal person  public authority  agency or other body which  alone or jointly with others  determines the purposes and means of the processing of Personal Data  including the security measures concerning the operation and use of this Application. The Data Controller  unless otherwise specified  is the Owner of this Application.  This Application  The means by which the Personal Data of the User is collected and processed.  Service  The service provided by this Application as described in the relative terms (if available) and on this site/application.  European Union (or EU)  Unless otherwise specified  all references made within this document to the European Union include all current member states to the European Union and the European Economic Area.  Cookies  Small sets of data stored in the User's device.   Legal information  This privacy statement has been prepared based on provisions of multiple legislations  including Art. 13/14 of Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (General Data Protection Regulation).  This privacy policy relates solely to this Application  if not stated otherwise within this document.  Latest update: October 10  2020   iubenda hosts this content and only collects the Personal Data strictly necessary for it to be provided.      