Fitness Point Features Free vs. Paid Screenshots HELP Log in Sign Up Fitness Point is a simple app  to follow your progress at the gym. Everything  that you need! How It Works Use AppUse app Work out See activities at FitnessPointApp.com Features Browse exercises Preinstalled exercises with animations  description and trained muscle Create new exercises with muscle group  description  primary and secondary muscle Create workouts Create new workouts Add exercises to the workouts Sort the exercises the way you like Enter your target sets and reps. for every exercise Add headers Log everything Add logs to exercises with weight  repetitions  date and notes Quick navigation on entering logs with swipe gestures Calorie counting Workout and rest timer Purchase additional workouts Workout plans and routines created by professional trainers Personal workout created for your needs Set up everything iCloud backup Imperial or metric units Choose one of 16 different languages Share your logs and workouts Help & Support Get the fastest support ever! Just send an email from the app iOS Android Free Basic Features 70 exercises create new exercises create own workouts add logs to each exercise view past logs limited number of logs ads $4.99 Pro Features over 400 exercises Rest timer Graph Body tracker iCloud backup unlimited number of logs no ads Free Basic Features 70 exercises create new exercises create own workouts add logs to each exercise view past logs limited number of logs ads $4.99 Pro Features over 400 exercises Graph Body trackerBody tracker TimerTimer Automatic timer unlimited number of logs no ads Screenshots HELP How do I synchronize my iPhone & iPad? There is no automatic sync feature for now. It will be added in one of the feature updates. However  there is a workaround for this. You can create an iCloud backup manually on your iPhone and restore the same backup on the iPad. This way you will have the same data on both devices. If it doesn’t work  you should check your iCloud settings on both devices. Open the settings app  go to iCloud and click on iCloud Drive option. Check if the toggle on Fitness Point is on. I miss an exercises in the list. What should I do? If you are missing an exercise  you can easily add your own. To add new exercise just click on the plus button in the upper left corner while you're on screen with muscle groups. How do the calorie counting work? First of all you need to activate the option for calorie counting in settings tab. You need to start the workout timer at the beginning of your workout and log all sets as usual. Calories will be counted automatically for each set. How do I transfer data to Health app? You need to start the workout timer at the beginning of your workout  log all sets as usual and stop workout timer at the end. After you stopped the timer your data is transferred to Health app. I miss some logs in calendar. How show them all? To see all logs for day select the desired date in calendar and click the logs button above it. This will show you all data for that day. How do I browse and manage exercises? The answer to this question would be too long  so we created a small video that demonstrate this feature. You can find it here: https://youtu.be/ouIrw-Ib8jQ How to create and manage workouts? The answer to this question would be too long  so we created a small video that demonstrate this feature. You can find it here: https://youtu.be/Kvu2zZzKl5U How to log progress and use timer? The answer to this question would be too long  so we created a small video that demonstrate this feature. You can find it here: https://youtu.be/aaJLqic4Qyo How to use body tracker? The answer to this question would be too long  so we created a small video that demonstrate this feature. You can find it here: https://youtu.be/hSL2uXIEeWk How to use settings? The answer to this question would be too long  so we created a small video that demonstrate this feature. You can find it here: https://youtu.be/1z0dH4-Ivog How do I restore my purchased workouts? Please open the tab Extras and click the restore button in the upper right corner. This way you will get back all your purchases. I want to get a refund for in-app purchase or app. Please contact Apple to get a refund for your purchase. We don't have any access to your data. I purchased the app on iOS. How do I get it for free on my new Android device? Unfortunately you can’t transfer the app itself or any in-app purchases. iOS and Android are two different platforms with different stores. The app doesn’t start after the download from the App Store. How do I make it work? Please try to delete the app and load it again from the App Store. How can I support app development? If you like the app please write a review on the App Store. This will help us and other users a lot. You can also apply as a beta tester  to test future updates and help us to improve the app. Just write a short note to contact@fitnesspointapp.com . Get It Now! © 2020 FitnessPointApp.com     | Privacy Policy | Terms and Conditions | Credits Fitness Point for iPhone was developed by &copy;Ilya Mosesyan.<br> German and Russian exercise description by &copy;Ilya Mosesyan.<br> Design by &copy;Ilya Mosesyan. Thanks to all translators  who helped me to localize the app. Especially to:<br> Nika Mossessian (French  Spanish) Another big credit goes to other developers who posted useful code on Github: Tapku library   CJPAdController   Lockbox   MBProgressHUD   AHPurchaseButton   iRate   MKStoreKit   AppRater   Caldroid   DragSortListView   FancyCoverFlow   FlatUI   GraphView   Segmented Radio     Buttons