    ShvagerFM Games  Inc. Privacy Policy  Last modified: September 18th  2014  We at ShvagerFM have created this Privacy Policy to describe how information is collected  used  and disclosed when you visit or use a ShvagerFM Offering. By accessing and/or using this ShvagerFM website or any ShvagerFM Offering  you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy.  The term ShvagerFM means ShvagerFM Games  Inc. and/or its Affiliates.  The term Affiliate means  with respect to any party  any person or entity which controls  is controlled by  or is under common control with  such party.  The term ShvagerFM Offering means the websites of ShvagerFM  including www.shvagerfm.com   any other sites on which this Privacy Policy is posted  and any other ShvagerFM application  service or product licensed  downloaded or otherwise accessed by you through third party sites or sources  including the products and services available through any of the foregoing.  INFORMATION THAT WE MAY COLLECT  Personally Identifiable Information:  We may collect the following information when you sign up with a ShvagerFM Offering: first name  last name  email address  mailing address  phone number  credit or debit card information or other payment details  depending on your form of payment.  Technical Information:  When a user accesses a ShvagerFM Offering  we may collect technical information about the user's device  such as the IP address that requested the display of the ShvagerFM Offering  the operating system type  and the identifiers associated with the device.  Sign Up and Survey information:  Any information you provide to us  and any information you choose to share about yourself as part of your use of any ShvagerFM Offering  may be stored as entered.  Cookies and Web beacons:  Cookies are text files that we and our service providers may place on your device's browser to enable our systems to recognize your browser and to provide features such as storage of items in your shopping cart between visits  personalized ShvagerFM advertisements on third party websites and mobile applications  and personalized third party advertisements within certain ShvagerFM Offerings. We may use Adobe Flash cookies to remember your settings  preferences and usage within a ShvagerFM Offering.  Web beacons  clear .gifs or similar technologies are small pieces of code that we and our service providers may place on a ShvagerFM Offering to monitor and collect data about visitor behavior within the ShvagerFM Offering.  Cookies and Web beacons:  We may receive a confirmation when you open email from ShvagerFM  if your computer supports such capabilities.  We may also track other types of information  such as what games users download and install  any download errors  what games users purchase  how long our users have been participating in any ShvagerFM Offerings  the last time a user accessed a ShvagerFM Offering  user behavior and gameplay  whether a user has won any of our games  sweepstakes  contests or other promotions featured on a ShvagerFM Offering  ad response measurement and other ShvagerFM Offerings analytics.  Social Networking Sites:  If you access a ShvagerFM Offering via a third party social networking site (a  Social Game )  ShvagerFM may receive information about your social networking site profile  including without limitation the information you make publicly available  your social networking site user ID  your first  last and user names  profile and cover photos.  If you invite new members into your Social Games network or send messages through Social Games  we may collect the information associated with those messages  including your friends' social networking site user IDs  email addresses and content.  Mobile:  When you download or access ShvagerFM Offerings via a mobile device  we and our service providers may receive information about your location (based on your IP address) and your mobile device  including various unique identifiers associated with your device  hardware type  the version of your operating system and your in-game activity. We and our service providers may use this information to provide you with personalized advertising and other content  including advertising and content based on your location.  Aggregated  Anonymous Information:  We may collect aggregated  anonymized information via ShvagerFM Offerings that does not identify any single user or device.  USE AND SECURITY OF COLLECTED INFORMATION  We may use your username  email address  and password to uniquely identify you as a user on a ShvagerFM Offering  to provide you with services and to process transactions. We may use or display your username and icon or profile photo  if applicable  for the purposes of rankings  competitions or sweepstakes  chat identification  and/or game high scores.  Subject to the terms of this Privacy Policy  we may use your contact information to process our promotional newsletters and/or email campaigns and to send you updates  security alerts  or administrative messages relating to ShvagerFM Offerings. Your contact information will allow us to notify you about new features  enhancements  resolution of ShvagerFM Offerings problems  handle and/or route your customer support questions and issues  and inform you of upgrade opportunities  sweepstakes  contests  prizes  and/or special events.  If our Tell a friend feature is available within a particular ShvagerFM Offering and you choose to participate in it  your email will be shared with the person to whom you send the ShvagerFM Offering using this feature. We may use an IP address to surface the appropriate country-based version of a ShvagerFM Offering to a user  or to exercise our ability to restrict access to the site by users who have violated our Terms of Use.  We and our third party service providers use cookies and other technologies  such as mobile device identifiers  to enhance your experience with ShvagerFM Offerings. These technologies enable us and our service providers to run our affiliate programs and provide you with customized content or offerings  such as personalized ShvagerFM advertisements on other websites and mobile applications and personalized third party advertisements within certain ShvagerFM Offerings. Cookies also enable you to automatically sign in when you access a ShvagerFM Offering  and offer other operational activities within a ShvagerFM Offering. We and our third party service providers may also use cookies and other technologies to manage and measure the performance of third party advertisements within certain ShvagerFM Offerings  and ShvagerFM advertisements on third party sites and mobile applications. This helps us and our service providers provide more relevant advertising to you. We and our third party service providers may also use web beacons to monitor user behavior and collect information about visitors viewing a web page.  We may use  information collected to calculate aggregate  anonymized statistics about our user community for the purpose of enhancing our ShvagerFM Offerings  or for security purposes.  If you access a Social Game  we may use your social networking site profile ID to link your social networking site account with your activities within the Social Game or offer personalized ShvagerFM advertisements on the social networking site. We may use your social networking site first  last and user names and icon to identify you to the social networking site account you've linked to your activities within the Social Game  as well as for the purposes of rankings  competitions  sweepstakes  game high scores and/or identification to your social network.  If you access a Social Game and provide us with another person's contact information for purposes of delivering information through a Social Game  we may use this information to contact and  if necessary  remind that person that she or he has been invited to join a Social Game or received content through a Social Game. All invitees are provided with the option not to receive further invitations from ShvagerFM.  We at ShvagerFM take reasonable measures to help protect the information we collect from loss  theft  misuse and unauthorized access  disclosure  alteration and destruction.  SHARING INFORMATION  We may share customer information with ShvagerFM Affiliates  and as described below.  Third Party Marketplaces and Service Providers:  We may disclose your personal information as well as aggregate  anonymous information to third party business partners  marketplaces  and third parties who perform services for us  such as credit card processing  prize fulfillment  delivering packages  sending postal mail  collecting and analyzing data  providing search results and links (including paid listings and links)  and providing advertising and marketing assistance  including serving ads on our behalf on third party websites and mobile applications and serving ads on behalf of third parties within certain ShvagerFM Offerings. Those third parties have access to your information only as necessary to perform their functions  and for no other purposes.  Business Transfers:  As ShvagerFM continues to grow  we might sell or buy certain subsidiaries and/or business units. In such transactions  customer information is generally one of the transferred assets. Also  in the unlikely event that ShvagerFM or substantially all of its assets are acquired  customer information would in most cases be one of the transferred assets.  Protection of ShvagerFM and Others:  We may also disclose your information if there is a violation of the Terms of Use or other agreements; if we have a good faith belief that the law requires it; or if needed to protect the rights  property or safety of ShvagerFM  our customers or others. This includes exchanging information with entities for fraud detection and protection  and credit risk reduction.  YOUR CHOICES  Promotional email communications:  When you create a customer account or provide access to your email address via a ShvagerFM Offering  you may be automatically registered to receive one or more of our promotional e- newsletters. Note that when you provide an email address through a ShvagerFM Offering  we treat that as a request to be enrolled in one of our promotional e-newsletter lists  even if you previously opted out of receiving newsletters from us  but if you change your mind and wish to opt out again  you may do so at any time by clicking the  unsubscribe  link at the bottom of any newsletter and then following the instructions provided. If you express interest in a ShvagerFM Offering by clicking on a banner within a newsletter  you may be automatically registered to receive newsletters relating to the ShvagerFM Offering that appeared in the banner.  At any time  you may opt-out of receiving a newsletter by selecting the  unsubscribe  link at the bottom of any newsletter. We treat each ShvagerFM Offering individually  so if you are receiving mailings from more than one ShvagerFM Offering  if you want to unsubscribe you must do so with respect to each individually.  You may also contact us at http://www.shvagerfm.com/help .  Please note that we reserve the right to send you non-promotional  account or administrative emails even if you opt out of receiving promotional e-newsletters.  Cookies  Online Advertising and Analytics:  Please refer to your browser settings and help section to learn about blocking  erasing or being notified of cookies. You can manage your Flash cookies by using Adobe's Flash management here . However  because cookies allow you to take advantage of some of ShvagerFM Offerings' essential features  we recommend that you leave cookies turned on. For example  you may not be able make purchases on ShvagerFM Offerings without having cookies turned on. To opt out of receiving personalized advertising from many ad networks  data exchanges  marketing analytics and other services providers  please visit aboutads.info.  Mobile Advertising:  Most mobile devices provide the ability to opt out of the collection and use of information from the apps you use for purposes of serving ads targeted to your interests. For more information  and to exercise these choices  consult the settings on your device.  Social Games:  With respect to Social Games  you may manage your own social network privacy preferences through your social networking site account.  THIRD-PARTIES  ShvagerFM Offerings may allow you to play or share information through social media (such as by logging in through a social media account or using a “Like” button”) or contain links to social media services or other third parties. The use of these features and links are subject to the privacy policies of those companies and your settings on those services.  ShvagerFM has no control over  and is not responsible for  the information submitted to or collected by social networks or other third parties. We encourage you to review those third party privacy policies to understand the way your information may be collected and handled by such third parties.  CHAT & MESSAGING  ShvagerFM Offerings may operate message boards and/or chat areas where users can exchange ideas and communicate with each other. When posting to a message board or chat area  the information is being made publicly available in an online environment. Any information posted is the sole responsibility of the individual user.  CHILDREN  ShvagerFM Offerings are designed to avoid the collection and use of “personal information” as defined in the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“COPPA”) from children under 13 other than for support of internal operations. We  do not knowingly collect personal information from children. If you are under 13  you may not register for an account or otherwise provide any personal information to us.  ShvagerFM respects the privacy of parents and children and is committed to complying with COPPA . If a parent believes that his or her child has submitted personal information to ShvagerFM  he or she can contact us via email at shvagerfm@gmail.com . We will take steps to promptly delete the information upon learning that it relates to a child under the age of 13. We recognize the importance of safeguarding the privacy of children and encourage parents to check and monitor their children's use of online activities regularly.  SAFE HARBOR PROGRAM  We may transfer  store and/or process personal information in the U.S. or in other countries.  ShvagerFM complies with the US-EU Safe Harbor Framework and the US-Swiss Safe Harbor Framework as set forth by the US Department of Commerce regarding the collection  use and retention of personal information from European Union member countries and Switzerland.  For more information about the Safe Harbor program and to view our certification  please visit the U.S. Department of Commerce's Safe Harbor Website . To contact ShvagerFM directly about the Safe Harbor program  please email us at shvagerfm@gmail.com .  Please note that if you are located in the E.U.  Switzerland or other region with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from U.S. law  you are transferring information to a country and jurisdiction that does not have the same data protection laws as your jurisdiction.  AGREEMENT WITH ShvagerFM POLICIES  By accessing and/or using any of the ShvagerFM Offerings  you signify your understanding of and agreement with this Privacy Policy  and to our Terms of Use . If you do not agree with our policies  please do not access or use any ShvagerFM Offerings.  CHANGES TO PRIVACY POLICY  We may modify this Privacy Policy from time to time. When we post changes to this Privacy Policy  we will revise the last modified date at the top of this page. We encourage you to periodically review this Privacy Policy to be informed of how ShvagerFM protects your information.   