                     Home  Why Synctuition  What you get  Science  Benefits  Subscribe  Reviews  Blog   Love&Happiness  Intuition  Health & Fitness  Meditation  Science  Success in Business  Sleep  Quotes    Log in  Try it for free    Search     Synctuition Home  Why Synctuition  What you get  Science  Benefits  Subscribe  Reviews  Blog   Love&Happiness  Intuition  Health & Fitness  Meditation  Science  Success in Business  Sleep  Quotes    Log in  Try it for free     Privacy Policy  LAST UPDATED 19. MARCH 2020  Synctuition OÜ (“Synctuition ” “Supplier”  “us ” “we ” or “our”) is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy in connection with your use as an end consumer or as a business consumer or affiliate of our Site(s)  www.Synctuition.com (the “Site”  the “Website(s)”)  applications (“Apps”) and other products  services and features thereof (the Site  the Apps and such other products  services and features are collectively referred to herein as the “Services”  “Product” or “Products”  which may be updated from time-to-time at the sole discretion of Synctuition). This privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) and any other documents referred to herein set forth the basis on which any personal information or payment information we collect from you  or that you provide to us  in connection with the Services and Products will be processed or stored by us. Please read the following carefully to understand our practices regarding your personal information and how we will collect  use and disclose your personal information. If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily  please contact us .  Information We May Collect From You  We may collect and process the following information about you:   Personal information including  for example  your name  e-mail address  telephone  home address  gender  birthdate and year  payment details  your company’s name  registration and VAT number  billing address  e-mail address  phone number and information about details of your payment  as well as information about your usage of the Services and Products  and information collected by tracking and/or API technologies (including those by Google or YouTube  in which case you are bound by Google’s Privacy Policy https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-US and YouTube’s Privacy Policy https://www.youtube.com/t/terms ) as further described below that may identify you as an individual or allow online or offline contact with you as an individual  including  but not limited to  For individuals using the Products in connection with Groups  Teams  Synctuition for Business and Other Community Sharing options  additional information in addition to your business and corporate information may be requested such as information about your team  including names  telephone numbers and e-mail addresses as well as other related data such as information about details about your payments and/or re-funds.  Facebook  Apple and Google profile information  such as name  email address  Facebook ID and profile picture  Apple ID and profile picture and Google ID and profile picture  if you choose to log in to the Products through Facebook  Apple or Google.  Device Information such as operating system version  device type  amount of free storage on the device and system performance information.  Information collected via tracking technologies  as fully described in section Tracking Technologies below.  If you choose to invite a “Friend” to use the Products using our system  we may ask you for their name  email address and any relevant additional data that may be collected and stored. We will use this information to invite him or her to join the Products and Services. We store this information for the sole purpose of sending invitations. If your Friend would like us to delete his or her information  they can do so by opting-out as described in each invitation or by contacting us .  If  as an Account holder with Synctuition  you choose to invite additional friends to Synctuition by sending them a free demo offer  Gift Card or other campaign by Synctuition  we will ask you for their name and email address or other data. We will use this information to invite him or her to join the Services and Products and tracking the success of the program. We store this information for the sole purpose of sending invitations to Services and Products. If your invited friends would like us to delete their information  they can opt-out as described in each invitation or by contacting us to be removed.   Payment Details  Synctuition does not store or directly process credit or debit card (“Payment Card”) information. Apple and Google collect and process Payment Card information with respect to in-app purchases made through the Apps  and our 3rd party payment processors/gateways (including EveryPay (every-pay.com/privacy-policy)  PayPal (www.paypal.com/ee/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full) and Stripe ( https://stripe.com/en-ee/privacy )) to collect Payment Card information with respect to purchases made through the Site. Such payment processors generally provide us with some limited information related to you  such as a unique token that enables you to make additional purchases using the information they’ve – stored  and your card’s type  expiration date  billing address  your e-mail and name  order reference number  date of transaction and the last four digits of your card number. You agree to provide such payment details for storing and processing to our 3rd party payment processors/gateways for charges and auto-renewals by Synctuition subject to the Terms of Use. You further agree that a cookie or token may be placed and stored on your device to facilitate such charges and auto-renewals.  Confidentiality and Security  The security of your personal information is very important to us. We follow generally accepted standards to protect the personal information submitted to us  both during transmission and once it is received. If you have any questions about the security of your personal information  you can contact us . Except as described under the “Disclosure of Your Information” section below  we do not provide your personal information to any third party without your specific consent  as defined by applicable law.  Newsletters or Other Electronic Communications  If you sign up to receive promotional materials from us via email  we will use the information you give us to provide the communications you have requested.  If you inform us that you wish to cancel email promotional materials by selecting “unsubscribe” at the bottom of such communication or by contacting us   we will remove you from our mailing list. If you no longer wish to receive push notifications  you may turn them off at the device level.  If you provide your phone number to us directly or through a third-party for the specific purpose of receiving an SMS message with a link to our Apps  you will receive such SMS message (the “SMS Service”). Standard text message rates will apply.  Tracking Technologies  Synctuition and our analytics partners use technologies such as cookies  tokens  beacons  tags  and scripts to enable a service to recognize your device so you don’t have to provide the same information several times during one task  recognize that you may have already given a username and password so you don’t need to do it for every web page requested  and to measure how people are using the Services  Apps and Products.  We use local storage  such as HTML5  to store content information and preferences. Third parties with whom we partner to provide certain features on the Services  Apps and Products also use HTML5 to collect and store information. Various browsers may offer their own management tools for removing HTML5.  We partner with third parties  such as Facebook and Google  to manage our advertising of the Products on other sites or platforms as well as across your other devices based on your past visits to our website. Our third party partners may use technologies such as cookies or tokens to gather information about your activities within the Services  Apps and Products to deliver such advertising to you  such as retargeting ads. We will acquire consent from you in order to use such trackers for advertising purposes to the extent required by applicable law. We currently do not respond to do-not-track signals. For more information about interest-based ads  including how to opt-out of having your web-browsing information used for behavioral advertising purposes  please visit www.aboutads.info/choices. Please note that this does not opt you out of being served ads. You may continue to receive generic ads on these third party platforms. You may also opt out of receiving ads across devices by adjusting your ad preference in your Google account.  We use third party trackers to let us know when users have visited the Services  Apps or Products by “clicking-through” our sponsored advertising or content hosted on third party platforms. The Services  Apps and Products use Google Analytics code to gather statistical information. Google Analytics sets cookies to help us accurately estimate the number of visitors to the Services  Apps and Products and the volumes of usage of the Services  Apps and Products. This is done to ensure that the Services  Apps and Products are available when you want them and are fast. For more information on how Google Analytics processes this information  visit www.google.com/analytics . You can also read Google Privacy Policy at www.google.com/policies/privacy.  YouTube API Clients  The Synctuition App and Services may use an API Client that uses YouTube API Services. When you are using the Synctuition app and Services  you also agree to be fully bound by the Google Privacy Policy at https://www.google.com/policies/privacy as well as YouTube’s Terms of Service at https://www.youtube.com/t/terms .  Through the API  we may collect and store Your e-mail address  as well as usage of the app content  statistics and information that is logged and displayed to You.  Synctuition does not share this API Data related information with 3rd parties. Synctuition does not allow third parties to serve content  including advertisements though the API Client.  You can contact our customer support with all relevant inquiries.  Mobile Analytics  We use mobile analytics software to allow us to better understand the functionality of our mobile software on your phone. This software may record information such as how often you engage with the Products  the events that occur within the Products  aggregated usage and performance data  and where the Applications were downloaded from. We may link the information we store within the analytics software to any personal information you submit within the mobile application.  Log Files  As most websites  we gather certain information and automatically store it in log files. This information may include Internet Protocol (IP) addresses  browser type  internet service provider (ISP)  referring/exit pages  operating system  date/time stamp  and/or clickstream data.  If you receive the HTML-formatted version of our email newsletter  your opening of the newsletter is notified to us and saved. Your clicks on links in the newsletter are also saved. These and the open statistics are used in aggregate form to give us an indication of the popularity of the content and to help us make decisions about future content and formatting.  Cookies  “Cookies” are small text files that are placed on your device by a web server when you access our Services. We may use both session cookies and persistent cookies to identify that you’ve logged in to the Services and to tell us how and when you interact with our Services. We may also use cookies to monitor aggregate usage and web traffic routing on our Services and to customize and improve our Services. Unlike persistent cookies  session cookies are deleted when you log off from the Services and close your browser. Although most browsers automatically accept cookies  you can change your browser options to stop automatically accepting cookies or to prompt you before accepting cookies. Please note  however  that if you don’t accept cookies  you may not be able to access all portions or features of the Services. Some third-party services providers that we engage (including third-party advertisers) may also place their own cookies on your device. Note that this Privacy Policy covers only our use of cookies and does not include use of cookies by such third parties.  Pixels  “Pixels”/“Web Beacons” (also known as Web bugs  pixel tags or clear GIFs) are tiny graphics with a unique identifier that may be included on our Services for several purposes  including to deliver or communicate with Cookies  to track and measure the performance of our Services  to monitor how many visitors view our Services  and to monitor the effectiveness of our advertising. Unlike Cookies  which are stored on the user’s hard drive  Web Beacons are typically embedded invisibly on web pages (or in an e-mail).  Widgets  “Social Media Widgets” such as the Facebook “Like” button and LinkedIn (that might include widgets such as the share this button or other interactive miniprograms) may be on our Site. These features may collect your IP address  which page you are visiting on our site  and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. These social media features are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Website. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.  Analytics  We may also use Google Analytics and Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting to collect information regarding visitor behavior and visitor demographics on some of our Services  and to develop website content. This analytics data is not tied to any Personal Information. For more information about Google Analytics  please visit https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites/ . You can opt out of Google’s collection and Processing of data generated by your use of the Services by going to tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.  Our uses of such Technologies fall into the following general categories:  Operationally Necessary  We may use cookies  web beacons  or other similar technologies that are necessary to the operation of our sites  services  applications  and tools. This includes technologies that allow you access to our sites  services  applications  and tools; that are required to identify irregular site behavior  prevent fraudulent activity and improve security; or that allow you to make use of our functions such as shopping-carts  saved search  or similar functions  Performance Related  We may use cookies  web beacons  or other similar technologies to assess the performance of our websites  applications  services  and tools  including as part of our analytic practices to help us understand how our visitors use our websites  determine if you have interacted with our messaging  determine whether you have viewed an item or link  or to improve our website content  applications  services  or tools  Functionality Related  We may use cookies  web beacons  or other similar technologies that allow us to offer you enhanced functionality when accessing or using our sites  services  applications  or tools. This may include identifying you when you sign into our sites or keeping track of your specified preferences  interests  or past items viewed so that we may enhance the presentation of content on our sites;  Advertising or Targeting Related  We may use first-party or third-party cookies and web beacons to deliver content  including ads relevant to your interests  on our sites or on third party sites. This includes using technologies to understand the usefulness to you of the advertisements and content that has been delivered to you  such as whether you have clicked on an advertisement. If you would like to opt-out of the Technologies we employ on our sites  services  applications  or tools  you may do so by blocking  deleting  or disabling them as your browser or device permits.  Location Information  In some cases  we may collect and store information about where you are located  such as by converting your IP address into a rough geolocation or by accessing your mobile device’s GPS coordinates or coarse location if you enable location services on your device. We may use location information to improve and personalize our Services for you. If you do not want us to collect location information  you may disable that feature on your mobile device.  Where We Store Your Personal Information  All information you provide to us through the Services  Apps and Products is stored on our secure servers located in the US and the European Union. Any payment transactions will be encrypted using SSL technology; all payment information is stored with our payment processor and is never stored on Synctuition’s servers. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access certain parts of the Products  you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share a password with anyone  and suggest that your change your password frequently.  Unfortunately  the transmission of information via the Internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal information  we cannot guarantee the security of your information transmitted to the Products; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information  we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorized access.  Groups  Business Users and Other Community Sharing  If you have registered to use the Products through a code or other registration credential furnished by a Group (a “Group Subscription”  “Team”  “Team Subscription”  “Business Subscription”  “B2B” or any other mass subscription package or B2B Admin page)  this Privacy Policy applies in full. Synctuition  the Group and Admin may have access to your name and the date you registered to use the Products and will have access to your usage information on an aggregated basis with all other members of the Group that are using the Products. Your Group may also have access to your usage information on an individual basis if you have provided appropriate consent for such sharing.  Single Sign-On  You can log into our Products using sign-in services such as Facebook Connect  Google Sign-In or an Open ID provider. These services will authenticate your identity  provide you the option to share certain personal information (such as your name and email address) with us  and to pre-populate our sign-up form. Services like Facebook Connect give you to the option to post information about your activities on our Products or to your profile page to share with others within your network.  Access to and Deletion of Personal Information  Upon request  Synctuition will provide you with information about whether we hold  or process on behalf of a third party  any of your personal information. To request this information  please contact us . You may access your personal information to modify or update at any time via an online account  or by contacting us . To request the deletion of your personal data that we have on file please contact us . Upon request  Synctuition will permanently and irrevocably anonymize your data such that it can never be reconstructed to identify you as an individual. We will respond to your request in a reasonable timeframe.  We use information held about you in the following ways:   To ensure that content provided by the Products is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer or other device.  To provide you with information  products or services related to Synctuition that you will facilitate your engagement with the Products.  To provide you with promotional communications  such as email  to the extent that you have provided consent to receive such communications under applicable law.  To provide you with customer service communications.  To carry out our obligations arising from any agreements entered into between you and us. To allow you to participate in interactive features of the Products  when you choose to do so. To notify you about changes to the Products.  To understand your broad geographic location to help us identify groups of users by general geographic market (such as zip code  state or country).  To account for applicable sales taxes based on zip codes provided to our payment processors for purchases made through the Site.  To inform your Group about your registration and use of the Products as described under section Groups and Other Community Sharing above.  To serve our advertisements to you through third party platforms  such as Facebook or Google  on other sites and apps or across your devices  to the extent that you have provided consent for such uses under applicable law.  To provide you with the SMS Service to the extent that you have provided consent for such practices under applicable law.  We may also ask you to complete surveys that we use for research purposes  although you do not have to respond to them.  Details of transactions you carry out through the Products and of the fulfillment of your Product orders.  Details of your visits to and interactions with the Products including  but not limited to  traffic data  location data  weblogs and other communication data  whether this is required for our own billing purposes or otherwise and the resources that you access.  If you are an existing customer  we will only contact you by electronic means (e-mail  SMS  social media chat or in-Product communication) with information about products and services similar to those which were the subject of a previous sale to you.  If you choose to submit an application or request information about becoming an Affliate  we may request information such as your name  your CV  e-mail and address  telephone and cell number and we may allow a third party platform to access this specific data for verification purposes. In this case  we may store and process this information.  We do not disclose information about identifiable individuals to companies that host advertisements on our behalf  but we may provide them with aggregate information about our users (for example  we may inform them that 1000 men aged under 25 have clicked on their advertisement on any given day). We may also use such aggregate information to help advertisers reach the kind of audience they want to target.  Disclosure of Your Information  We may disclose your personal information to any member of our group  which means our subsidiaries  our ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries.  We may also disclose your personal information to third parties as follows:   In some circumstances  based on your specific requests  we may need to disclose your personal information to a third party so that they can provide a service you have requested from such party  or fulfill a request for information from such party. An example of this is the SMS Service.  In some circumstances  we may disclose the personal information that you have provided to Synctuition to a third party that offers and/or provides goods or services complementary to our own for the purpose of enhancing our users’ experiences by offering you integrated or complementary functionality  complementary services or bundled pricing options.  If Synctuition’s service providers (like hosting  market analytics  and payment service providers) require this information to provide services to Synctuition. Synctuition requires each of its service providers to agree to maintain the confidentiality and security of your personal information.  In the event that we sell or buy any business or assets  in which case we may disclose your personal information to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets.  If Synctuition or substantially all of our assets are acquired by a third party  in which case personal information held by us about our customers will be one of the transferred assets.  If we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal information in order to comply with any legal obligation such as to comply with a subpoena  bankruptcy proceedings  similar legal process  or in order to enforce or apply our agreements with you; or to protect the rights  property  or safety of Synctuition  our customers  or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.  With your Community  if your subscription is a Community Subscription  as described under Corporate and Other Community Sharing above.  With third parties  such as Facebook and Google  in order to serve Synctuition advertisements on such third party platforms  to the extent that you have consented to such practices under applicable law. Withdrawal of Consent for Processing Activities  To the extent that you have provided appropriate consent under applicable law to certain processing activities  such as use of trackers for the purpose of retargeting activities  such consent can be withdrawn at any time by contacting us .  Links to Third Party Sites  The Services  Apps and Products may  from time to time  contain links to and from the Products of our partner networks  advertisers and affiliates. If you follow a link to any of these external websites  please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these websites or their policies. Please check these policies before you submit any personal information to these external websites.  International Transfer  Your Personal Information may be transferred to  and maintained on  computers located outside of your state  province  country or other governmental jurisdiction where the privacy laws may not be as protective as those in your jurisdiction. By choosing to visit the Site  utilize the Services or otherwise provide information to us  you agree that any dispute over privacy or the terms contained in this Privacy Policy will be governed by the laws of the Republic of Estonia  and the adjudication of any disputes arising in connection with Synctuition or the Site will be in accordance with the Terms of Use.  Data Retention  Synctuition retains the Personal Information we receive as described in this Privacy Policy for as long as you use our Services  Apps and Products or as necessary to fulfill the purpose(s) for which it was collected  provide our Services  resolve disputes  establish legal defenses  conduct audits  pursue legitimate business purposes  enforce our agreements  and comply with applicable laws.  HealthKit  GoogleFit and other Health apps  Synctuition retains the Personal Information we receive as described in this Privacy Policy for as long as you use our Services  Apps and Products or as necessary to fulfill the purpose(s) for which it was collected  provide our Services  resolve disputes  establish legal defenses  conduct audits  pursue legitimate business purposes  enforce our agreements  and comply with applicable laws.  Policy Toward Children  Our Services are not directed to children under 13 and we do not knowingly collect Personal Information from children under 13. If we learn that we have collected Personal Information of a child under 13 we will take steps to delete such information from our files as soon as possible. If you are under the age of 18  you must have your parent’s permission to access the Services  Apps and Products.  Information Posted on Forums  Synctuition users may have the ability to post content to one or more Synctuition forums. All such users may request and obtain removal of such posted content by contacting Synctuition and specifically identifying the content to be removed. Please be advised that any such removal does not ensure complete or comprehensive removal of all traces of the content posted on the Synctuition forum(s).  Cookies and Interest-Based Advertising  As noted above  you may stop or restrict the placement of cookies on your computer or remove them from your browser by adjusting your web browser preferences. Please note that cookie-based opt-outs are not effective on mobile applications. However  on many mobile devices  application users may opt out of certain mobile ads via their device settings.  The online advertising industry also provides websites from which you may opt-out of receiving targeted ads from our data partners and our other advertising partners that participate in self-regulatory programs. You can access these  and also learn more about targeted advertising and consumer choice and privacy  at www.networkadvertising.org/ managing/opt_out.asp  or youronlinechoices.eu/ and aboutads.info/choices. You can also choose not to be included in Google Analytics here.  To be clear  whether you are using our opt-out or an online industry opt-out  these cookie-based opt-outs must be performed on each device and browser that you wish to have opted-out. For example  if you have opted-out on your computer browser  that opt-out will not be effective on your mobile device. You must separately opt-out on each device. Advertisements on third party websites that contain the AdChoices link and that link to this Privacy Policy may have been directed to you based on anonymous  non-Personal Information collected by advertising partners over time and across websites. These advertisements provide a mechanism to opt-out of the advertising partners’ use of this information for interest-based advertising purposes.  Changes to Our Privacy Policy  We may update this Privacy Policy to reflect changes to our information practices. If we make any material changes we will notify you by in-Product message  email (sent to the e-mail address specified in your account) or by means of a notice in the Products prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.  Contact  Please contact us if you have any questions about our practices or this Privacy Policy.      SYNCTUITION Home  Why Synctuition  What you get  Science  Benefits  Subscribe  Reviews  Blog  OFFERS Free Sign-up  Login  Gift this  I have a Gift Card  Group Subscription  Affiliate  HELP FAQ  Terms of use  Privacy policy  Contact Us  Careers  SOCIAL Instagram  Facebook   Facebook   Twitter  Pinterest  LinkedIn  Newsletter   Download the Synctuition app Fill your days with positivity. Get the Synctuition app NOW     Free of charge from 08.06-31.07 in the following countries:   © 2020 SYNCTUITION LLC      Edit with Live CSS     Save  Write CSS OR LESS and hit save. CTRL + SPACE for auto-complete.     