       Home  Forums  Success Stories  Blog  Apps  FAQ  Press  Contact     Privacy Policy Home Privacy Policy   Privacy Policy Zen Labs LLC (“us” or “we”) is committed to protecting your online and mobile privacy. This Privacy Policy discloses the privacy practices for the Zen Labs LLC apps and website. We encourage you to read this Privacy Policy carefully to learn what information we collect from you and how we use that information.    X-Mode Social  Inc.  California Users: If you are located in California  then under the CCPA  you have a right to opt-out of the sale of your information. To do this  please head over to X-Mode’s “Opt-out/Do Not Sell” Form .  X-Mode Social  Inc. collects and passes to third parties a variety of information for use as described below:  What’s Collected: Precise location information (such as your device GPS coordinates)  relative location information (from WiFi signals or Bluetooth Low Energy devices in your proximity  for example)  device-based advertising identifiers  information about your mobile device such as type of device  operating system version and type  device settings  time zone  carrier and IP address.  When We Collect It: When the app is in use or running in the background.  How We Use and Share It: We and other third parties may use the information (a) to customize ads in this or other apps (for instance  if your device is often located at or near music venues  you might receive offers for music tickets); (b) to measure effectiveness of those ads; (c) for disease prevention and research  security  anti-crime and law enforcement; or (d) for market  civic or other research regarding aggregated traffic patterns (for instance  a company that analyzes shopping trends might want to learn whether more or fewer devices are seen near malls or in other shopping districts).  How To Opt Out: To opt-out of X-Mode’s data collection  (1) follow the instructions in X-Mode’s Privacy Policy   or (2) for a platform-based opt-out of interest-based or “personalized” advertising  go to your device settings and opt out of interest-based or personalized advertising (iOS: Settings → General → Privacy → Advertising →Limit Ad-Tracking; Android: Settings →  Google → Ads → Opt out of Ads Personalization). You may also prevent location from being collected by this or other apps through your location permission settings.  Sense360  California Users: If you are located in California  then under the CCPA  you have a right to opt-out of the collection of your information. Sense360 does not “sell” and in the past 12 months have not “sold” any “personal information” they have collected from a Sense360 Enabled App  as those terms are defined under the CCPA. To opt-out  please head over to Sense360’s “Opt-out” Form .  For users in North America  some of Zen Labs LLC’s apps may share your device’s precise geolocation and other details about your device (like hardware characteristics  a variety of sensor data  and a list of installed third-party applications) with our partner Sense360 on an ongoing basis  including when the apps are closed. This information is sent with the device’s advertising identifier or another unique device-specific code. Sense360 may use all of this information for market research and other research regarding aggregated patterns  and as further described in its Privacy Policy   which has more detail on the entire process. For example  Sense360 analyzes restaurant visit trends to help their clients create new food and coupon offerings to better serve customers’ needs. You can use your device settings to (i) disable or limit precise geolocation collection for the entire device or particular apps  which may affect the functionality of certain app features and/or (ii) disable or limit use of the advertising identifier (which will block that identifier’s transmission to Sense360).  ADDENDUM FOR CALIFORNIA RESIDENT’S PRIVACY RIGHTS  The California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”) provides certain rights to residents of California. This section of the Privacy Policy applies if you are a natural person who is a resident of California (“California Consumer”) and uses our Services. This Addendum supplements the information in the Privacy Policy . However  this Addendum is intended solely for  and is applicable only as to  California Consumers: if you are not a California Consumer (or a resident of California)  this does not apply to you and you should not rely on it.  In the below tables and sections  we describe (as required by the CCPA):   The Categories of Personal Information we Collect  Use  and Share with Third Parties  Our Business Purposes for Collecting and Sharing Personal Information  Your California Privacy Rights and Choices (Section 3)   Right to Opt-out of the sale of your personal information  Right to request Deletion of your personal information  Right to request Access to your personal information  Exercising Your Rights & Submitting a Verifiable Consumer Request  Right to Nondiscrimination  Information about Persons Under 16 Years of Age  Authorized Agents The following sets forth the categories of information we collect and purposes for which we may use California Consumers’ personal information: OUR COLLECTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION   Depending on how you interact with us  we may collect about you the categories of information summarized in the table below. The following tables describe:   Our Collection of Personal Information: the types of Personal Information that we collect and the types of sources we collect it from. “Personal Information” means information that identifies  relates to  describes  is capable of being associated with  or could reasonably be linked  directly or indirectly  with a particular consumer or household.  Our Collection of Personal Information: the types of recipients and/or Third Parties to whom we disclose or sell Personal Information and have disclosed or sold Personal Information to within the past 12 months.  Our Business Purposes: our business purposes for (a) collecting and (b) sharing Personal Information  which are generally the same.     All of the information below is subject to your Right to Access:   Category: Identifiers (e.g.  online identifiers; IP address; mobile ad identifiers  other online or advertising platform identifiers) We Currently Collect/Use this Category of Personal Information: YES The Sources we collect this Category of Personal Information from: Data analystics providers and data compilers  Third party mobile applications and websites  Customer Categories We Have “Sold” this Category of Personal Information in the Past 12 Months: YES This Category of Personal Information was shared with the following Categories of Third Parties for Business Purpose(s):   Data analystics providers and data compilers  Third party mobile applications and websites  Customer Categories We also may share any of the personal information we collect as follows:   Sharing for Legal Purposes: In addition  we may share personal information with third parties in order to: (a) comply with an official legal process or a regulatory investigation (e.g. a subpoena or court order); (b) enforce our Terms of Service  this Privacy Policy  or other contracts with you  including investigation of potential violations thereof; (c) respond to claims that any content violates the rights of third parties; and/or (d) protect the rights  property or personal safety of us  our platform  our customers  our agents and affiliates  its users and/or the public. We likewise may provide information to other companies and organizations (including law enforcement) for fraud protection  and spam/malware prevention  and similar purposes.  Sharing In Event of a Corporate Transaction: We may also share personal information in the event of a major corporate transaction  including for example a merger  investment  acquisition  reorganization  consolidation  bankruptcy  liquidation  or sale of some or all of our assets  or for purposes of due diligence connected with any such transaction.  Sharing With Service Providers: We share any personal information we collect with our service providers  which may include (for instance) providers involved in tech or customer support  operations  web or data hosting  billing  accounting  security  marketing  data management  validation  enhancement or hygiene  or otherwise assisting us to provide  develop  maintain and improve our services.  Sharing of Aggregate Information: We may aggregate and/or de-identify any information collected so that such information can no longer be linked to you or your device (“Aggregate/De-Identified Information”). We may use Aggregate/De-Identified Information for any purpose  including without limitation for research and marketing purposes  and may also share such data with any third parties  including advertisers  promotional partners  and sponsors  in our discretion. X-Mode & Trusted Partners   Adder    Adform    Adobe    AdSquare    Advan Research Company    Affinity Answers    AirSage    Amazon    Amazon Web Services – AWS Offerings    Amobee    Analytic Services LLC dba Culmen International    AppliedPost    AppNexus Inc.    Arrivalist    AT&T    Atlassian    AWS    BattleFin    Bazze    Billups    Blis    Block by Block    Blogwatcher Inc.    CACI    Carbon Reach    CARTO  Camber Systems    Cisco Systems  Inc. (Meraki LLC)    Civilia    Clear Channel    Complementics    Connected2Fiber  Inc    Crossover Communications Ltd.  Crux    Cuende    DDQI    Descartes Labs  Inc.    Digital Envoy    Ecopia Tech  Eyeota     Facebook    Factual    GEOBLINK SL    GeoUniq    Google    GroundTruth    Gyana    HERE Technologies    Hubspot    Hyas    Infinia Mobile    InMarket    Intersection    JCDecaux UK Limited    JLL    Jorte    Kairos Fire    Kalibrate    Kantar Media    Kisio Consulting    Liveramp    Location Sciences    Locomizer    LoopMe    Lotame    M1 Data and Analytics    Macefusion    Market Services Inc. (AggData)    Maxar    MediaMath    Merkle    Microsoft    MiQ    Mobilewalla    MyTraffic    Native Touch    nContext    Nearco    Neustar    Nielsen    Nodle International  NYBSYS    OmniSci    On Device Research    ONICS-IT    OnSpot Data    Optibus    Place Dashboard    Placense    Posterscope    PushSpring    Quorum Data Inc.    Reveal Mobile    Roq.ad    S4M    Salesforce    Sense360    Shopfully    Sierra Nevada Corporation    Singlespot    Siren    Situ8ed    Skyhook Wireless    Spur Intelligence    Statiq    StreetMetrics    Systems and Technology Research    Talon Outdoor Limited    Targomo    Team Cymru     Tectonix    Telefonica    The Floow    The Rubicon Project  Limited    The Trade Desk  Inc and affiliated companies    Tiendeo    UberMedia    Ubimo  Inc  University of Virginia    Wireless Registry dba SignalFrame    X-Mode Social  Inc.    xAd  Inc. dba GroundTruth    Xandr    Zeotap      ABOUT US  Zen Labs is a company founded upon health and fitness. Our goal is to provide our users with intuitive  helpful  and useful apps that will help them on their journey to living a better and healthier life. Be healthy. Stay happy. Namaste.    RECOMMENDED POSTS Top Deejay Headphones Trust in your intuitions Inspired by clouds Awwwards best websites Working from your home?   LATEST BLOG NEWS    4 Habits of Successful Runners  August 20  2019    How To Make Your Long Runs Race-Ready  January 21  2019    C25K now available on SAMSUNG GALAXY WATCHES!  January 14  2019     TAGS 5km to 10 km training plam  5km to 10km running plan  5km to 10km running program  10k run  bcaas  beginner  best pre workout supplements for beginners  breathing technique  common knee injuries from running  Design  diet  eating healthier  Enjoy  evening training  fish oil  flat feet  food  health benefits of jogging everyday  healthy eating  Holiday  how often should i run in a week  how to prevent knee injuries  Life  marathon  marathon training  marathon training motivation  meal plan  morning training  motivation  Music  protein  recovery  rest days  running  running breathing tips for beginners  running shoes  running tips  Simple  Sport  Style  supplements  Tech  Travel  Trip  women   © 2020 Home of C25K. All rights reserved    Download C25K for free!  