Please wait  we are processing your request en es Subscribe Macro Calculator Main About Blog Goals & Workouts Log In en en es Main About Blog Goals & Workouts Macro Calculator Log In Subscribe Privacy Policy Date Last Revised: February 6  2019 This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their 'Personally Identifiable Information' (PII) is being used online. PII  as described in US privacy law and information security  is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify  contact  or locate a single person  or to identify an individual in context. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect  use  protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our website and the app. What personal information do we collect from the people that visit our blog  website or app? When ordering or registering on our site or app  as appropriate  you may be asked to enter your name  email address or other details to help you with your experience. When do we collect information? We collect information from you when you register on our site or app or enter information on our site or app. How do we use your information? We may use the information we collect from you when you register  make a purchase  sign up for our newsletter  respond to a survey or marketing communication  surf the website or app  or use certain other site or app features to quickly process your transactions. How do we protect your information? We do not use vulnerability scanning and/or scanning to PCI standards. An external PCI compliant payment gateway handles all CC transactions. We use regular Malware Scanning. Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems  and are required to keep the information confidential. In addition  all sensitive/credit information you supply is encrypted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology. We implement a variety of security measures when a user places an order enters  submits  or accesses their information to maintain the safety of your personal information. All transactions are processed through a gateway provider and are not stored or processed on our servers. Do we use 'cookies'? Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site's or service provider's systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. For instance  we use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart. They are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity  which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We use cookies to: • Help remember and process the items in the shopping cart. • Compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interactions in order to offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may also use trusted third-party services that track this information on our behalf. If you turn cookies off  Some of the features that make your site experience more efficient may not function properly. It won't affect the user's experience that make your site experience more efficient and may not function properly. Third-party disclosure We do not sell  trade  or otherwise transfer to outside parties your Personally Identifiable Information unless we provide users with advance notice. This does not include website or app hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website and app  conducting our business  or serving our users  so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release information when it's release is appropriate to comply with the law  enforce our site and app policies  or protect ours or others' rights  property or safety. However  non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing  advertising  or other uses. Third-party links We do not include or offer third-party products or services on our website or app. Google We have implemented the following: • Demographics and Interests Reporting We  along with third-party vendors such as Google use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookies) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) or other third-party identifiers together to compile data regarding user interactions with ad impressions and other ad service functions as they relate to our website or app. Opting out: You can opt out by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative Opt Out page or by using the Google Analytics Opt Out Browser add on. California Online Privacy Protection Act CalOPPA is the first state law in the nation to require commercial websites and online services to post a privacy policy. The law's reach stretches well beyond California to require any person or company in the United States (and conceivably the world) that operates websites collecting Personally Identifiable Information from California consumers to post a conspicuous privacy policy on its website stating exactly the information being collected and those individuals or companies with whom it is being shared. According to CalOPPA  we agree to the following: Users can visit our site anonymously. Once this privacy policy is created  we will add a link to it on our home page or as a minimum  on the first significant page after entering our website. Our Privacy Policy link includes the word 'Privacy' and can easily be found on the page specified above. You will be notified of any Privacy Policy changes: • On our Privacy Policy Page Can change your personal information: • By logging in to your account Does our site or app allow third-party behavioral tracking? It's also important to note that we do not allow third-party behavioral tracking COPPA (Children Online Privacy Protection Act) We do not specifically market or our service is not intend to be used by children under the age of 13 years old. We collect your email address in order to: • Process orders and to send information and updates pertaining to orders. • Send you additional information related to your product and/or service Contacting Us If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy  you may contact us using the information below. support@fitwithiulia.com