        LOGIN  VIEW CART En español  JOIN NOW    Classes    View All Classes  Browse Classes by Focus  Free Live Streaming Classes  Yoga Challenge  Beginner Yoga Classes  Meditation  FREE Online Classes  Programs    APP    Instructors    View Instructors  Featured Teacher  Teacher's Corner  Poses    Yoga Pose Videos  Printable Pose Guides  Music    Browse All Music  Artists  RETREATS    SPAIN  TULUM  MEXICO Articles     Privacy Policy    Terms of Use    App End User License Agreement    Sweepstakes and Giveaways  YogaDownload Privacy Policy  Last modified: May 27th  2018  YogaDownload  Inc. (“YogaDownload”) has prepared this privacy policy (Policy) to describe our privacy practices. We also use it to periodically inform you about changes on/to the Websites offered by YogaDownload (“Website”) and new products and services.  By using this Website  you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy. You shouldn’t use the Website if you don’t agree with this Privacy Policy or any other agreement that governs your use of the Website.  What Information Does YogaDownload Collect?  When visiting YogaDownload's Website  you may choose to supply YogaDownload with information that identifies you personally. This information may include:   Personal information such as your name  e-mail address and an account password  Billing information such as credit card or other payment account information which we maintain in encrypted form on secure servers  Practice information such as video plays and progress of your usage of our videos  and the time and date a video was played   We use the information you provide about yourself to complete the transaction for which the information is intended. Such transactions may include: completing an order  replying to support requests  or contacting you if you have granted us permission to do so. We also use your name  e-mail address and other information on our system to notify you of new product releases  service notifications  events  and to solicit your feedback and input  or to send you marketing materials and/or YogaDownload newsletters or other information we think you would be interested in  unless you notify YogaDownload that you do not wish to receive such materials. Please contact us to request that you not be sent any or all of such information. We do not share this information with outside parties without your permission except to the extent that is necessary to administer the services we offer our end-users or to comply in responding to subpoenas  court orders or other legal proceedings.  The Website may use “cookies” and other technologies to study traffic patterns on the Webite  to customize your experience  and provide greater convenience each time you interact with us. The Site may also gather certain information automatically and store it in log files; such information may include internet protocol (IP) addresses  browser type  internet service provider (ISP)  referring/exit pages  operating system  and/or a date/time stamp.  Finally  we never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways or for reasons unrelated to the ones described above without also providing an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.  Maintenance and Retention of Personal Information  You can review  correct  or change the information collected during registration on our Website. You have access to your personal information through your user profile. Users may change information at any time and as often as necessary. Users who are experiencing problems with our services or who have questions about how our services work or want to request an update to personal information can contact us through methods in the section below for contact information.  Data Security  To prevent unauthorized access  maintain data accuracy  and ensure the appropriate use of information  we have put in place appropriate physical  electronic  and managerial procedures reasonably designed to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.  We use SSL (Secure Socket Layer) encryption to secure personal identification. In addition  personnel who have access to our database are trained to maintain and secure all information.  Changes To This Policy  Please note that this Policy may change from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Policy without your explicit consent  and we expect most such changes will be minor. Regardless  we will post any Policy changes on this page and  if the changes are significant  we will provide a more prominent notice (including  for certain services  email notification of Policy changes).  Contact Information  YogaDownload  Inc 17651 E. Kenyon Dr. Aurora  CO 80013 303-325-5124 Contact Support: http://support.yogadownload.com/   Terms of Use  These Terms and Conditions of Use (“Terms of Use”) apply to the web site located at www.YogaDownload.com  and all associated sites linked to www.YogaDownload.com by YogaDownload.com  Inc (“YogaDownload”)  a Colorado corporation  its subsidiaries and affiliates  (collectively  “Site”). The Site is the property of YogaDownload and its licensors. BY USING THE SITE  YOU AGREE TO THESE TERMS OF USE; IF YOU DO NOT AGREE  DO NOT USE THE SITE.  YogaDownload reserves the right  at its sole discretion  to change  modify  add  or remove portions of these Terms of Use at any time. It is your responsibility to check these Terms of Use periodically for changes; your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes will mean that you accept and agree to the changes. As long as you comply with these Terms of Use  YogaDownload grants you a personal  non-exclusive  non-transferable  limited privilege to enter and use the Site.  Content  All text  graphics  user interfaces  visual interfaces  photographs  trademarks  logos  sounds  music  artwork and computer code (collectively  “Content”)  including but not limited to the design  structure  selection  coordination  expression  “look and feel” and arrangement of such Content  contained on the Site is owned  controlled or licensed by or to YogaDownload  and is protected by trade dress  copyright  patent and trademark laws  and various other intellectual property rights and unfair competition laws.  Except as expressly provided herein  no part of the Site and no Content may be copied  reproduced  republished  uploaded  posted  publicly displayed  encoded  translated  transmitted or distributed in any way (including “mirroring”) to any other computer  server  Web site or other medium for publication or distribution or for any commercial enterprise  without YogaDownload’s express prior written consent.  The Site and Content are subject to change without notice.  Purpose of the Site  The Site has been created and is maintained for personal exercise  information  entertainment  and education. YogaDownload is not responsible for injuries incurred in the course of using the Site or products or services offered herein; you alone are responsible for determining your physical limits and the wisdom of undertaking any course of action recommended or taught on the site or in products or services offered herein. YogaDownload offers no warranties or guarantees regarding improvement of physical conditioning or health as a result of using the Site or products or services offered herein. Always consult a physician before using this or any other wellness or exercise program.  Use of the Site  You may not use any “deep-link”  “page-scrape”  “robot”  “spider” or other automatic device  program  algorithm or methodology  or any similar or equivalent manual process  to access  acquire  copy or monitor any portion of the Site or any Content  or in any way reproduce or circumvent the navigational structure or presentation of the Site or any Content  to obtain or attempt to obtain any materials  documents or information through any means not purposely made available through the Site. YogaDownload reserves the right to bar any such activity.  You may not attempt to gain unauthorized access to any portion or feature of the Site  or any other systems or networks connected to the Site or to any YogaDownload server  or to any of the services offered on or through the Site  by hacking  password “mining” or any other illegitimate means.  You may not probe  scan or test the vulnerability of the Site or any network connected to the Site  nor breach the security or authentication measures on the Site or any network connected to the Site. You may not reverse look-up  trace or seek to trace any information on any other user of or visitor to the Site  or any other customer of YogaDownload  including any YogaDownload account not owned by you  to its source  or exploit the Site or any service or information made available or offered by or through the Site  in any way where the purpose is to reveal any information  including but not limited to personal identification or information  other than your own information  as provided for by the Site.  You agree that you will not take any action that imposes an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on the infrastructure of the Site or YogaDownload’s systems or networks  or any systems or networks connected to the Site.  You agree not to use any device  software or routine to interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper working of the Site or any transaction being conducted on the Site  or with any other person’s use of the Site.  You may not forge headers or otherwise manipulate identifiers in order to disguise the origin of any message or transmittal you send to YogaDownload on or through the Site or any service offered on or through the Site. You may not pretend that you are  or that you represent  someone else  or impersonate any other individual or entity.  You may not use the Site or any Content for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by these Terms of Use  or to solicit the performance of any illegal activity or other activity which infringes the rights of YogaDownload or others.  The manner and quality of viewing  listening to  downloading  or otherwise using material on the Site is affected by your particular system.  Purchases; Other Terms and Conditions  Additional terms and conditions may apply to purchases of goods or services and to specific portions or features of the Site such as promotions  all of which terms are made a part of these Terms of Use by this reference. You agree to abide by such other terms and conditions  including where applicable representing that you are of sufficient legal age to use or participate in such service or feature. If there is a conflict between these Terms of Use and the terms posted for or applicable to a specific portion of the Site or for any service offered on or through the Site  the latter terms shall control with respect to your use of that portion of the Site or the specific service.  Unless otherwise agreed in writing  you agree to immediately pay for any and all products or services you purchase on the Site. Payment may be required before said products or services are delivered or made available for delivery to you.  YogaDownload’s obligations  if any  with regard to its products and services are governed solely by the agreements pursuant to which they are provided  and nothing on this Site should be construed to alter such agreements.  YogaDownload may make changes to any products or services offered on the Site  or to the applicable prices for any such products or services  at any time  without notice. The materials on the Site with respect to products and services may be out of date  and YogaDownload makes no commitment to update the materials on the Site with respect to such products and services.  Subscription Memberships  As outlined on the Join Now page all subscription memberships will be renewed automatically until canceled by you. You agree to pay all subscription fees and renewals while the subscription account is still active and until you cancel the account and receive confirmation of such cancellation.  Accounts  Passwords  and Security  Certain features or services offered on or through the Site may require you to open an account (including setting up a Site ID and password). You are entirely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account information  including your password  and for any and all activity that occurs under your account. You agree to notify YogaDownload immediately of any unauthorized use of your account or password  or any other breach of security. You may be held liable for losses incurred by YogaDownload or any other user of or visitor to the Site due to someone else using your YogaDownload ID  password or account.  You may not use anyone else’s Site ID  password or account at any time without the express permission and consent of the holder of that Site ID  password or account. YogaDownload cannot and will not be liable for any loss or damage arising from your failure to comply with these obligations.  You acknowledge and agree that YogaDownload may preserve any transmittal or communication by you through the Site or any service offered on or through the Site  and may also disclose such data if required to do so by law or YogaDownload determines that such preservation or disclosure is reasonably necessary to (1) comply with legal process  (2) enforce these Terms of Use  (3) respond to claims that any such data violates the rights of others  or (4) protect the rights  property or personal safety of YogaDownload  its employees  users of or visitors to the Site  and the public.  You are advised to take precautions to protect your personal data when you are on the Internet: Change your passwords often using a combination of letters and numbers  and use a secure web browser.  The Site may use “cookies” and other technologies to study traffic patterns on the Site  to customize your experience  and provide greater convenience each time you interact with us. The Site may also gather certain information automatically and store it in log files; such information may include internet protocol (IP) addresses  browser type  internet service provider (ISP)  referring/exit pages  operating system  date/time stamp  and clickstream data.  Links to Other Sites  This Site may contain links to other independent third-party Web sites (“Linked Sites”). These Linked Sites are provided solely as a convenience to our visitors. Such Linked Sites are not under YogaDownload’s control  and YogaDownload is not responsible for and does not endorse the content of such Linked Sites  including any information or materials contained on such Linked Sites and the handling of information or materials you or others might provide to the Linked Sites. You will need to make your own independent judgment regarding your interaction with these Linked Sites.  Disclaimers  YOGADOWNLOAD DOES NOT PROMISE THAT THE SITE OR ANY CONTENT  SERVICE OR FEATURE OF THE SITE WILL BE ERROR-FREE OR UNINTERRUPTED  OR THAT ANY DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED  OR THAT YOUR USE OF THE SITE WILL PROVIDE SPECIFIC RESULTS. THE SITE AND ITS CONTENT ARE DELIVERED ON AN “AS-IS” AND “AS-AVAILABLE” BASIS. ALL INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THE SITE IS SUBJECT TO CHANGE WITHOUT NOTICE. YOGADOWNLOAD CANNOT ENSURE THAT ANY FILES OR OTHER DATA YOU DOWNLOAD FROM THE SITE WILL BE FREE OF VIRUSES OR CONTAMINATION OR DESTRUCTIVE FEATURES. YOGADOWNLOAD DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES  EXPRESS OR IMPLIED  INCLUDING ANY WARRANTIES OF ACCURACY  NON-INFRINGEMENT  MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. YOGADOWNLOAD DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL LIABILITY FOR THE ACTS  OMISSIONS AND CONDUCT OF ANY THIRD PARTIES IN CONNECTION WITH OR RELATED TO YOUR USE OF THE SITE AND/OR ANY RELATED SERVICES. YOU ASSUME TOTAL RESPONSIBILITY FOR YOUR USE OF THE SITE AND ANY LINKED SITES. YOUR SOLE REMEDY AGAINST YOGADOWNLOAD FOR DISSATISFACTION WITH THE SITE OR ANY AFFILIATED CONTENT IS TO STOP USING THE SITE OR ANY SUCH CONTENT. THIS LIMITATION OF RELIEF IS A PART OF THE BARGAIN BETWEEN THE PARTIES.  The above disclaimer applies to any damages  liability or injuries caused by any failure of performance  error  omission  interruption  deletion  defect  delay in operation or transmission  computer virus  communication line failure  theft or destruction of or unauthorized access to  alteration of  or use  whether for breach of contract  tort  negligence or any other cause of action.  YogaDownload reserves the right to do any of the following  at any time  without notice: (1) to modify  suspend or terminate operation of or access to the Site  or any portion of the Site  for any reason; (2) to modify or change the Site  or any portion of the Site  and any applicable policies or terms; and (3) to interrupt the operation of the Site  or any portion of the Site  as necessary to perform routine or non-routine maintenance  error correction  or other changes.  Limitation of Liability  Except where prohibited by law  in no event will YogaDownload be liable to you for any indirect  consequential  exemplary  incidental or punitive damages  including lost profits  even if YogaDownload has been advised of the possibility of such damages.  Where allowed by law  if  notwithstanding the other provisions of these Terms of Use  YogaDownload is found to be liable to you for any damage or loss which arises out of or is in any way connected with your use of the Site or any Content  YogaDownload’s liability shall in no event exceed the greater of (1) the total of any fees with respect to any service or feature of or on the Site paid in the six months prior to the date of the initial claim made against YogaDownload  or (2) US$100.00.  Indemnity  You agree to indemnify and hold YogaDownload  its officers  directors  shareholders  predecessors  successors in interest  employees  agents  subsidiaries and affiliates  harmless from any demands  loss  liability  claims or expenses (including attorneys’ fees)  made against YogaDownload by any third party due to or arising out of or in connection with your use of the Site.  Violation of These Terms of Use  You agree that YogaDownload may  in its sole discretion and without prior notice  terminate your access to the Site and/or block your future access to the Site if we determine that you have violated these Terms of Use or other agreements or guidelines which may be associated with your use of the Site. You also agree that any violation by you of these Terms of Use will constitute an unlawful and unfair business practice  and will cause irreparable harm to YogaDownload  for which monetary damages would be inadequate  and you consent to YogaDownload obtaining any injunctive or equitable relief that YogaDownload deems necessary or appropriate in such circumstances. These remedies are in addition to any other remedies YogaDownload may have at law or in equity.  You agree that YogaDownload may  in its sole discretion and without prior notice  terminate your access to the Site  for cause  which includes (but is not limited to) (1) requests by law enforcement or other government agencies  (2) a request by you (self-initiated account deletions)  (3) discontinuance or material modification of the Site or any service offered on or through the Site  or (4) unexpected technical issues or problems.  If YogaDownload does take any legal action against you as a result of your violation of these Terms of Use  YogaDownload will be entitled to recover from you  and you agree to pay  all reasonable attorneys’ fees and costs of such action  in addition to any other relief granted to YogaDownload. You agree that YogaDownload will not be liable to you or to any third party for termination of your access to the Site as a result of any violation of these Terms of Use.  Governing Law  You agree that all matters relating to your access to or use of the Site  including all disputes  will be governed by the laws of the United States and by the laws of the State of Colorado without regard to its conflicts of laws provisions. You agree to the personal jurisdiction by and venue in the state and federal courts in Denver County  Colorado  and waive any objection to such jurisdiction or venue.  Void Where Prohibited  YogaDownload administers and operates the www.YogaDownload.com Site from its location in Denver  Colorado  USA. YogaDownload reserves the right to limit  in its sole discretion  the provision and quantity of any feature  product or service to any person or geographic area. Any offer for any feature  product or service made on the Site is void where prohibited. If you choose to access the Site from outside the United States  you do so on your own initiative and you are solely responsible for complying with applicable local laws.  Miscellaneous  You may not use or export or re-export any Content or any copy or adaptation of such Content  or any product or service offered on the Site  in violation of any applicable laws or regulations  including without limitation United States export laws and regulations.  If any of the provisions of these Terms of Use are held by a court or other tribunal of competent jurisdiction to be void or unenforceable  such provisions shall be limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary and replaced with a valid provision that best embodies the intent of these Terms of Use  so that these Terms of Use shall remain in full force and effect. These Terms of Use constitute the entire agreement between you and YogaDownload with regard to your use of the Site  and any and all other written or oral agreements or understandings previously existing between you and YogaDownload with respect to such use are hereby superseded and cancelled. YogaDownload will not accept any counter-offers to these Terms of Use  and all such offers are hereby categorically rejected. YogaDownload’s failure to insist on or enforce strict performance of these Terms of Use shall not be construed as a waiver by YogaDownload of any provision or any right it has to enforce these Terms of Use  nor shall any course of conduct between YogaDownload and you or any other party be deemed to modify any provision of these Terms of Use. These Terms of Use shall not be interpreted or construed to confer any rights or remedies on any third parties.   App End User License Agreement  Please read this End-User License Agreement (Agreement) carefully before clicking the I Agree button  downloading or using our YogaDownload App (Application).  By clicking the I Agree button  downloading or using the Application  you are agreeing to be bound by the terms and conditions of this Agreement.  If you do not agree to the terms of this Agreement  do not click on the I Agree button and do not download or use the Application.  License  YogaDownload  Inc. (“YogaDownload”) grants you a revocable  non-exclusive  non-transferable  limited license to download  install and use the Application solely for your personal  non-commercial purposes strictly in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.  Restrictions  You agree not to  and you will not permit others to:  a) license  sell  rent  lease  assign  distribute  transmit  host  outsource  disclose or otherwise commercially exploit the Application or make the Application available to any third party.  The Restrictions section is for applying certain restrictions on the app usage  e.g. user can't sell app  user can't distribute the app. For the full disclosure section  create your own EULA.  Modifications to Application  YogaDownload  Inc reserves the right to modify  suspend or discontinue  temporarily or permanently  the Application or any service to which it connects  with or without notice and without liability to you.  Term and Termination  This Agreement shall remain in effect until terminated by YogaDownload Inc.  YogaDownload  Inc may  in its sole discretion  at any time and for any or no reason  suspend or terminate this Agreement with or without prior notice.  This Agreement will terminate immediately  without prior notice from YogaDownload  Inc  in the event that you fail to comply with any provision of this Agreement. You may also terminate this Agreement by deleting the Application and all copies thereof from your mobile device.  Upon termination of this Agreement  you shall cease all use of the Application and delete all copies of the Application from your mobile device.  Severability  If any provision of this Agreement is held to be unenforceable or invalid  such provision will be changed and interpreted to accomplish the objectives of such provision to the greatest extent possible under applicable law and the remaining provisions will continue in full force and effect.  Amendments to this Agreement  YogaDownload  Inc reserves the right  at its sole discretion  to modify or replace this Agreement at any time. If a revision is material we will provide at least 30 (changes this) days' notice prior to any new terms taking effect. What constitutes a material change will be determined at our sole discretion.  Copyright © 2019 YogaDownload  Inc; all rights reserved.     Giveaways and Sweepstakes  NO PURCHASE IS NECESSARY TO ENTER OR WIN. A PURCHASE DOES NOT INCREASE THE CHANCES OF WINNING.  1. Eligibility: Our Giveaways and Sweepstakes (the Sweepstakes) are open only to those who sign up at the online sweepstakes page and who are at least 18+ years old at the time of entry. The Sweepstakes is void where prohibited by law. Employees of YogaDownload.com (the Sponsor) their respective affiliates  subsidiaries  advertising and promotion agencies  suppliers and their immediate family members and/or those living in the same household of each are not eligible to participate in the Sweepstakes. The Sweepstakes is subject to all applicable federal  state and local laws and regulations. Void where prohibited.  2. Agreement to Rules: By participating  you agree to be fully unconditionally bound by these Rules  and you represent and warrant that you meet the eligibility requirements set forth herein. In addition  you agree to accept the decisions of YogaDownload.com  as final and binding as it relates to the content. The Sweepstakes is subject to all applicable federal  state and local laws.  4. How to Enter: The Sweepstakes must be entered by submitting an entry using the instructions provided. The entry must fulfill all sweepstakes requirements  as specified  to be eligible to win a prize. Entries that are not complete or do not adhere to the rules or specifications may be disqualified at the sole discretion of YogaDownload.com. You may enter only once and you must fill in the information requested. You may not enter more times than indicated by using multiple e-mail addresses  identities or devices in an attempt to circumvent the rules. If you use fraudulent methods or otherwise attempt to circumvent the rules your submission may be removed from eligibility at the sole discretion of YogaDownload.com.  You are agreeing to be added to partner email list.  5. Prizes: You are not guaranteed to win a prize and your chance of winning is dependent on the total number of eligible entries received. Actual/appraised value may differ at the time of prize award. The specifics of the prize shall be solely determined by the Sponsor. No cash or other prize substitution permitted except at Sponsor's discretion. The prize is nontransferable. Any and all prize-related expenses  including without limitation any and all federal  state  and local taxes shall be the sole responsibility of the winner. No substitution of prize or transfer/assignment of prize to others or request for the cash equivalent by winners is permitted. Acceptance of prize constitutes permission for YogaDownload.com to use winner's name  likeness  and entry for purposes of advertising and trade without further compensation  unless prohibited by law.  6. Odds: The odds of winning depend on the number of eligible entries received.  7. Winner selection and notification: Winners of the Sweepstakes will be selected in a random drawing under the supervision of the Sponsor. Winners will be notified via e-mail to the e-mail address they entered the Sweepstakes within five (5) days following the winner selection. YogaDownload.com shall have no liability for a winner's failure to receive notices due to winners' spam  junk e-mail or other security settings or for winners' provision of incorrect or otherwise non-functioning contact information. If the selected winner cannot be contacted  is ineligible  fails to claim the prize within 7 days from the time award notification was sent  or fails to timely return a completed and executed declaration and releases as required  prize may be forfeited and an alternate winner selected. The receipt by winner of the prize offered in this Sweepstakes is conditioned upon compliance with any and all federal and state laws and regulations. ANY VIOLATION OF THESE OFFICIAL RULES BY ANY WINNER (AT SPONSOR'S SOLE DISCRETION) WILL RESULT IN SUCH WINNER'S DISQUALIFICATION AS WINNER OF THE SWEEPSTAKES AND ALL PRIVILEGES AS WINNER WILL BE IMMEDIATELY TERMINATED.  8. Rights Granted by you: By entering any contest you understand that YogaDownload.com  anyone acting on behalf of YogaDownload.com  or its respective licensees  successors and assigns will have the right  where permitted by law  without any further notice  review or consent to print  publish  broadcast  distribute  and use  worldwide in any media now known or hereafter in perpetuity and throughout the World  your entry  including  without limitation  the entry and winner's name  portrait  picture  voice  likeness  image or statements about the Sweepstakes  and biographical information as news  publicity or information and for trade  advertising  public relations and promotional purposes without any further compensation.  9. Terms: YogaDownload.com reserves the right  in its sole discretion to cancel  terminate  modify or suspend the Sweepstakes should (in its sole discretion) a virus  bugs  non-authorized human intervention  fraud or other causes beyond its control corrupt or affect the administration  security  fairness or proper conduct of the Sweepstakes. In such case  YogaDownload.com may select the recipients from all eligible entries received prior to and/or after (if appropriate) the action taken by YogaDownload.com. YogaDownload.com reserves the right at its sole discretion to disqualify any individual who tampers or attempts to tamper with the entry process or the operation of the Sweepstakes or website or violates these Terms & Conditions.  YogaDownload.com has the right  in its sole discretion  to maintain the integrity of the Sweepstakes  to void votes for any reason  including  but not limited to; multiple entries from the same user from different IP addresses; multiple entries from the same computer in excess of that allowed by sweepstakes rules; or the use of bots  macros or scripts or other technical means for entering. Any attempt by an entrant to deliberately damage any web site or undermine the legitimate operation of the sweepstakes may be a violation of criminal and civil laws and should such an attempt be made  YogaDownload.com reserves the right to seek damages from any such person to the fullest extent permitted by law.  By entering the Sweepstakes you agree to receive email newsletters periodically from YogaDownload.com. You can opt-out of receiving this communication at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link in the newsletter.  10. Limitation of Liability: By entering you agree to release and hold harmless YogaDownload.com and its subsidiaries  affiliates  advertising and promotion agencies  partners  representatives  agents  successors  assigns  employees  officers  and directors from any liability  illness  injury  death  loss  litigation  claim or damage that may occur  directly or indirectly  whether caused by negligence or not  from (i) such entrant's participation in the sweepstakes and/or his/her acceptance  possession  use  or misuse of any prize or any portion thereof  (ii) technical failures of any kind  including but not limited to the malfunctioning of any computer  cable  network  hardware or software; (iii) the unavailability or inaccessibility of any transmissions or telephone or Internet service; (iv) unauthorized human intervention in any part of the entry process or the Promotion; (v) electronic or human error which may occur in the administration of the Promotion or the processing of entries.  11. Disputes: THIS SWEEPSTAKES IS GOVERNED BY THE LAWS OF United States AND Colorado  WITHOUT RESPECT TO CONFLICT OF LAW DOCTRINES. As a condition of participating in this Sweepstakes  participant agrees that any and all disputes which cannot be resolved between the parties  and causes of action arising out of or connected with this Sweepstakes  shall be resolved individually  without resort to any form of class action  exclusively before a court located in Colorado having jurisdiction. Further  in any such dispute  under no circumstances will participant be permitted to obtain awards for  and hereby waives all rights to claim punitive  incidental  or consequential damages  including reasonable attorneys' fees  other than participant's actual out-of-pocket expenses (i.e. costs associated with entering this Sweepstakes)  and participant further waives all rights to have damages multiplied or increased.  12. Privacy Policy: Information submitted with an entry is subject to the Privacy Policy stated on the YogaDownload.com Web Site.  13. Winners List: For the names of the winners  please contact us at and in the body of the email type 'Please e-mail me the winners' list for the YogaDownload.com Sweepstakes.  14. Sponsor: The Sponsor of the Sweepstakes is YogaDownload.com  17651 E. Kenyon Dr.  Aurora  Colorado  80013  United States.  15. Our promotions are in no way sponsored  endorsed or administered by  or associated with Facebook  Twitter  Youtube  Pinterest  LinkedIn or Google. You understand that you are providing your information to the owner of this sweepstakes and not to Facebook  Twitter  Youtube  Pinterest  LinkedIn or Google.   GET THE LATEST  Signup for info on the latest classes and discounts.     SIGNUP    ABOUT   Gift Certificates  Mobile Apps  Roku  Devices  How Our Site Works  Classes en Español  YDL Gear COMMUNITY   #GoYourOmWay  Testimonials  Affiliate Program  Ambassador Program  Yoga for Peace  Giving Back  Submit Content THE SITE   Help Center / Contact  Terms of Use  Privacy Policy   YOGA STYLES  Yoga Styles Defined  Align and Flow  Anusara Yoga  Ashtanga Yoga  Baptiste Power Yoga  Beginner Yoga  Barre  Bhakti Yoga  Films & Documentaries  Forrest Yoga  Fusion Yoga  Hatha Yoga  Hot Yoga  Iyengar Yoga  Jivamukti Yoga  Kid's Yoga  Kundalini Yoga  Meditation  Pilates  Power Yoga  Prana Flow Vinyasa  Pranayama  Prenatal Yoga  Postnatal Yoga  Restorative Yoga  Vinyasa Yoga  Yin Yoga  Yoga With Weights  Yoga en Español    © COPYRIGHT 2020 YOGADOWNLOAD                 