          Skip to main content  Nutrisystem Account  Track with Numi  You are on: Get Tips & Recipes From the Leaf  Nutrisystem   FAQ  Cart (opens in a new window)   Menu Search    Shop    Call   Weight Loss    Diet & Nutrition Learn how to eat healthy with simple tips and advice from our nutrition experts.  Fitness Transform your body with tips and easy-to-follow moves for every fitness level.  Lifestyle Don’t just eat better  live better—learn to get more sleep  drink more water and more!  For Customers  Nutrisystem Nutrisystem for Men Nutrisystem Success Guides Recipes    Flex™ Meals & Snacks Prep your own healthy meals and snacks with easy  plan-friendly recipes you’ll love.  Tasty Takes on Nutrisystem Foods Get creative in the kitchen with fresh spins on your favorite Nutrisystem foods.  Healthy Sides & Snacks Elevate your side dishes to superstar status with delicious takes on all the classics.  Shakes  Smoothies  & Drinks Sip your way to satisfaction with refreshing recipes brimming with flavor… not guilt.  Details Have your own healthy recipe? Submit it here for a chance to be featured on The Leaf!    Inspiration    Success Stories  Success Stories – Women Success Stories – Men Submit Your Story   Customer Photos Browse Nutrisystem before and after weight loss photos  recipe pictures and more.    Programs    Nutrisystem Our quick start weight loss plan—perfectly portioned meals delivered to your door.  Nutrisystem for Men Our made-for-men weight loss program—food you love in portions that make sense.  Nutrisystem Success Our easy-to-follow transition plan to help you maintain your weight loss results.  Sustainability Lose weight and reduce your waste! Learn more about sustainable practices at Nutrisystem. Shop Now   Weight Loss Plans  Maintenance Plans  A La Carte    Search:    Quick Links  Nutrisystem Account  Track with Numi  You are on: Get Tips & Recipes From the Leaf  Nutrisystem   FAQ  Search:    Shop Now   Weight Loss Plans  Maintenance Plans  A La Carte   Privacy Policy    Privacy Policy  This Privacy Policy will tell you what information NuMi by Nutrisystem from Nutriystem  Inc.  a wholly-owned subsidiary of Tivity Health  Inc. (“NuMi by Nutrisystem ” “we ” or “us) collects when you and others visit and interact with our website at my.numi.com (“Site”) and use our mobile application (“Application ” or “App”) on a mobile device (“Device”)  how we use it and what choices you have about how that information is used. We collect information from you and other users in connection with the provision of our weight loss services and programs (collectively  “Services”).  We urge you to read our entire Privacy Policy so that you will understand both our commitment to you and your privacy  and how you can participate in that commitment.    I. Information You Voluntarily Provide  Personal/Contact Information  When you interact with our App and Site  for example  creating a profile on our Site  we may collect your name  e-mail address   age  height and weight.  The personally identifiable information we collect when you register for membership on our App or Site may be used for the purposes outlined in this policy  including (1) to fulfill your requests for services; (2) to provide you with offers from Nutrisystem and its affiliates; (3) enhance your experience with us; and (4) to contact you when necessary.  When you use our App and/or Site  we also collect your basic health profile information when you actively give us such information by allowing push notifications to your device. The health and age information we collect allows NuMi by Nutrisystem to provide you with dietary options according to your physical profile.You will be notified at registration if your profile excludes you from participation in the App and/or Site. NuMi by Nutrisystem will not disclose your health and age information (including self-reported height and weight) to third parties. When you use our App  you may provide NuMi with your log in credentials for your Nutrisystem.com profile  in order to purchase certain items directly from Nutrisystem.  Information Provided in Optional Surveys  We may periodically ask members to participate in online surveys or fill out online questionnaires concerning topics such as the effectiveness of the weight loss program  advertising effectiveness and customer satisfaction. All surveys and questionnaires are optional and the information collected will not be associated with any user’s personal information. Information gathered may be shared with third parties in order to improve customer satisfaction and program effectiveness. No personal information of any user will be connected to survey or questionnaire results.  Other Information You May Voluntarily Provide  From time to time  we may collect third-party email addresses or other contact information from our users and customers so that we may send information to their friends and family on an as-requested basis.    II. Information Collected Automatically  We also collect non-personally identifiable information through our Internet log files  which record data such as user IP addresses  browser types  domain names  and other anonymous statistical data involving the use of our Site. This information may be used for our business purposes.   We may link this information to personally identifiable information for these and other purposes  including personalizing your experience on our Site.  Information is also collected when you use our app Handheld Products  including the software application needed to utilize the Handheld Products on your handheld device (the “Application”). During the installation of the Application and subsequent synchronizations  we collect non-personally Identifiable Information concerning your device (such as the specific type of operating system and hardware you have  and the amount of free and total memory) and the Application’s files on your device.  Our Handheld Products also collect information about your usage of the Application (such as the dates you last synced with the Internet or the dates you last used certain features). When you sync your device with the Website  we store some of this information.  Cookies   When you use our Site  we gather web traffic information via “cookies”.  Cookies are small pieces of digital information stored by your browser on your computer and tracks initial and returning visits  browsing patterns on our site  and products ordered and viewed.  Our cookies do not contain personally identifying information  but they enable us to identify you as a repeat visitor and help us personalize your numi.com experience.  Although most browsers are initially set to accept cookies  you may reset your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie or to reject cookies generally. Most browsers offer instructions on how to do so in the “Help” section of the toolbar. You need to have cookies enabled on your computer in order to use our site.  If you do not accept cookies to use our Website  you may not be able to use certain resources or features of our Website.  Flash Cookies  Certain features of our Website may use local stored objects (or Flash cookies) to collect and store information about your preferences and navigation to  from and on our Website. Flash cookies are not managed by the same browser settings as are used for browser cookies  and they are not placed on your computer.  Web Beacons  Pixel Tags  and 3rd Party Cookies  NuMi by Nutrisystem or third parties engaged by us  may use web beacons on some pages of this site.  A web beacon (also known as a pixel tag or clear GIF) is a graphic image which is used to better understand the browsing patterns of visitors to the page.  When the HTML code for the web beacon points to a site to retrieve the pixel image  information can be passed along such as the IP address of the computer that requested the image  the time the web beacon was viewed and for how long  the type of browser that was used  and previously set cookie values.  Web beacons DO NOT pass or read personally identifiable information about you.  Web beacons work in conjunction with cookies set by trusted third parties that are used to assess the effectiveness of particular promotional campaigns or to optimize advertising once a user leaves a website.  View your browser’s help section to determine how to configure your browser to reject or manage first part (i.e.  NuMi by Nutrisystem) and/or third-party cookies.  NuMi by Nutrisystem shares aggregated information collected through web beacons to vendors for which the beacon was set to determine the success of marketing campaigns  but does not disclose personally identifying information to these vendors.  Third-party ad servers may track anonymous website usage through web beacons on our Site and other websites. They do this by setting a cookie (or reading a cookie previously placed by them) on users’ computers to track the activities of users who view a web page that contains web beacons. Third party ad servers may use information about your visits to this Site and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services that may be of interest to you. Periodically  upon our request  third party ad servers may report the anonymous data that they collect on our behalf back to us for our internal use and analysis and our treatment of this anonymous data is governed by the terms of this Privacy Policy. To learn more about targeted advertising  these providers  or how you may opt out  please visit the DAA’s consumer choice page at http://www.aboutads.info/choices . Technologies other than http cookies may be used by third parties in a similar way  to recognize the email recipients’ computer or device and to keep track of which user identities match to which devices or browsers  and those technologies may not respond to browser settings that block conventional cookies. You may opt out of many of these types of technologies by visiting the NAI’s opt out page at http://www.networkadvertising.org .  How we respond to “DO NOT TRACK” signals  We do not respond to web browser “do not track” signals or other mechanisms that provide you the ability to exercise choice regarding the collection of personal information about your online activities over time and across third-party websites or online services.  We may use cookies and web beacons for insight with respect to the usage of the Site  and so that we could continually improve our customer’s experience.  At times  we use third parties to analyze usage of our website. However  we do not disclose your personally identifiable information to such third parties.    III. Information We Collect From Third Parties  In addition  we also collect Personal Information about you from third parties in connection with our Services  including from the following sources:   Service providers that we engage to perform portions of our Services or provide functionality or features made available through our Site or app  Advertising providers  Social media platforms  Promotional partners IV. What NuMi by Nutrisystem Does With Your Information  How does NuMi by Nutrisystem protect customer information?  Protecting your information from unauthorized disclosure is important to us.  We use the industry standard technology to protect the security of your information.  We have taken certain physical  electronic  contractual and managerial steps designed to safeguard the information we collect from you.  Unfortunately  no data transaction over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure.  Will NuMi by Nutrisystem disclose the information it collects to outside parties?  NuMi by Nutrisystem shares your information with third-party vendors that provide a service for NuMi by Nutrisystem to help us operate our business and our APP and the Site and administer activities on our behalf.  NuMi by Nutrisystem may also provide aggregate statistics about our customers  sales  traffic patterns  and related site information to reputable third-party vendors. For example  we use Google Analytics  a service provided by Google  Inc.  to gather information about how you and other users engage with our Site and Application. For more information about Google Analytics  please visit www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners.  We do not sell your personal information.  However  from time to time  we may make customer e-mail addresses available to other businesses whose products or services might be of value to you. If you do not want us to share your information with other companies or organizations for their marketing purposes  please let us know by opting out here . If you opt-out of promotional or newsletter emails from NuMi by Nutrisystem  we may continue to send you certain communications such as service announcements and administrative messages  relating to NuMi by Nutrisystem that are necessary to our relationship with you.  In addition to what we have described above  NuMi by Nutrisystem may also disclose your personal information to third parties in certain limited circumstances  as follows (1) as necessary if we believe that there has been a violation of our site Terms and Conditions  of the law  of our rights or of any third party; (2) to respond to judicial process and provide information to law enforcement agencies or in connection with an investigation on matters related to public safety  as permitted by law  or otherwise as required by law; and (3 to share your account information with other members of your household.  NuMi by Nutrisystem may also sell  transfer or otherwise share some or all of its assets  including your personally identifiable information and non-personally identifiable information  in connection with a merger  acquisition  reorganization or sale of assets or in the event of bankruptcy. You will have the opportunity to opt out of any such transfer if the new entity’s planned use or sharing of your information differs materially from that set forth in this Privacy Policy.  Mobile Devices/Third-Party Fees  From time to time  we may make mobile device applications and mobile marketing campaigns available to you and may allow you to register for services that involve push notifications and/or e-mails being sent to your mobile device. You are responsible for obtaining access to the mobile device services. Such access may involve third-party fees  including mobile carrier  text messaging  or airtime charges. You are solely responsible for those fees  including any and all fees associated with the use of the applications  delivery of the push notifications  e-mails or other materials to your mobile device. Please consult your mobile service provider’s pricing plan prior to purchasing or downloading any application or registering for any such service to determine the charges for sending and receiving push notifications and emails from/to your mobile device. You will be given the opportunity to opt-in to receive push notifications or emails to your mobile device at the time you register for the campaign and with each push notification or email you receive. To stop receiving push notifications or emails from NuMi  please change your communication settings in the NuMi® app and at NuMi.com.  Mobile marketing campaigns may involve your sending an e-mail from your mobile device to us or a third-party campaign operator. An e-mail or other response will then be sent to your mobile device. Opting to participate in a campaign is 100% your choice.  When you engage in these mobile marketing campaigns  we and the third-party campaign operator may collect your cell phone number  the name of your wireless service provider  images that you send using your cell phone as part of the campaign  and other relevant information.    V. Your Rights and Your Consent  A Special Note to Parents or Legal Guardians  NuMi by Nutrisystem only allows the participation of persons 18 years and older to track their weight loss journey on the NuMi App or at numi.com.  For legal guardians or parents interested in helping children younger than 18 to lose weight  please consult a physician. This Site is neither intended for nor directed to children under the age of 13 and we shall not knowingly solicit or collect any personal information from such children.  If we become aware of such collection  we will promptly delete such information  Notice to California Customers – Your California Privacy Rights  Effective January 1  2020  the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) allows California residents  upon a verifiable consumer request  to request that a business that collects consumers’ personal information give consumers the following:   The right to request the following information regarding our use of your Personal Information:  The categories of your Personal Information that we have collected  The purposes for which we have collected or used such Personal Information  The categories of sources for the Personal Information we have collected about you  The categories of third parties with whom we have disclosed your Personal Information  If we have disclosed your Personal Information for a business purpose  a list identifying the Personal Information categories that each category of recipient obtained  If we have sold your personal information  a list identifying the Personal Information categories that each category of recipient purchased  The right to receive a copy of your Personal Information.  The right to request us to erase your Personal Information when we no longer need such data in connection with our Services (subject to certain exceptions that may apply under applicable law).   * If you are a resident of a jurisdiction where one or more of these rights are granted to you under applicable law  and you wish to exercise any such rights listed above  please contact us by either:   Phone:  1-877-614-3111  Web:  Submit an Access or Deletion Request   Only you  or someone legally authorized to act on your behalf  may make a verifiable consumer request related to your Personal Information. Please understand that we are required to verify your request and may require you to provide some information to enable us to carry out such verification. We cannot respond to your request or provide you with Personal Information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the Personal Information relates to you.  Making a verifiable consumer request does not require you to create an account with us. We will only use Personal Information provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify the requestor’s identity or authority to make the request.  California’s “Shine the Light” law  Civil Code section 1798.83  requires certain businesses to respond to requests from California customers asking about the businesses’ practices related to disclosing personal information to third-party businesses for the third-party businesses’ direct marketing purposes. Alternately  such businesses may have in place a policy not to disclose personal information of customers to third-party businesses for the third party businesses’ direct marketing purposes if the customer has exercised an option to opt-out of such information-sharing. We have such a policy in place. As discussed above  if you wish to opt-out of our sharing of your information with third party businesses for the third party businesses’ direct marketing purposes please opt out here .  Your Consent and Notification of Change  By using our App and/or Site you consent to the collection and use of your information by NuMi byNutrisystem. If you do not want to receive additional promotions from us  please let us know by opting out here .   If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy  you should not use our App or Site.  If at some point in the future  there is a change to our information usage practices that affect your personally identifiable information  we will notify you by e-mail or by posting the change on our site  depending on the change. Accordingly  you should check this posted Privacy Policy for changes. All amended terms automatically take effect 30 days after they are posted.  Also  depending on the nature of the change  you may have the option to opt-out of the new information usage by opting out here . You should check this posted Privacy Policy for changes.  If you want to subscribe to our e-newsletter  we only require your e-mail address.  You may unsubscribe at any time by following the opt-out directions in the newsletter or by clicking here .  If you opt-out of promotional or newsletter emails from NuMi by Nutrisystem  we may continue to send you certain transactional communications  such as service announcements and administrative messages relating to your account with us that are necessary to our relationship with you.  Corrections/Updates  To make changes to any of your personal information  you can log into your account and click in the Personal Information section of the NuMi® App or on My.NuMi.com.   To change any of your account settings  you can log into your account and click in the Account Settings section of the NuMi App or on My.NuMi.com. Household members may not make changes to your account information  or cancel your account without your express permission.    VI. Third-Party Websites   Our App and/or Site may contain links to third-party websites  which may have privacy policies that differ from our own. We are not responsible for the activities and practices that take place on these sites. Accordingly  we recommend that you review the privacy policy posted on any site that you may access through our App and/or Site.    VII. Tell Us What You Think  NuMi welcomes your questions and comments about privacy and/or this policy. Please send e-mail to: privacy@tivityhealth.com.  NuMi by Nutrisystem  701 Cool Springs Blvd.  Franklin  TN 37067  Attn:   Legal/Compliance    Terms and Conditions  Please also read the Terms and Conditions on the Site to understand additional terms and conditions which apply to the use of our App and/or Site.  Privacy Policy last updated December 30  2019      X   X     4 Offers Available    Lose weight fast  improve your health & have more energy   Shop Plans     Connect With Us     GET THE NUMI® APP — FREE!  FAQs  Privacy Policy  Terms & Conditions    Do Not Sell My Personal Information (California and Nevada Residents Only)     © 2020 Nutrisystem  Inc. All Rights Reserved.  Nutrisystem  Inc. 600 Office Center Drive  Fort Washington  PA 19034     