   Privacy Policy   Date: 21 July 2018  Place: Chennai - 600017   At CodeRays Technologies  we recognize that privacy is important. This Privacy Policy applies to use of CodeRays Technologies applications on all platforms  the related services we provide and the site.  CodeRays Technologies has created this policy to explain our privacy practices so you will understand what information about you is collected  used and disclosed with respect to the Applications  the services and the site.  By using any Application  the services or the site  you consent to the privacy practices described in this policy.  We reserve the right  at our sole discretion  to change  modify or otherwise alter this policy at any time. You can find the date of last modification noted above. Such modifications shall become effective immediately upon the posting thereof on the site. Therefore  we encourage you to check the date of this policy whenever you access or use of our Application  the services or the site to check if this policy has been updated. If you do not agree to any modifications to this policy  your sole recourse is to immediately stop all use of all applications  the services and the site. Please note that none of our employees or agents has the authority to vary any of our policies.  This policy covers our collection  use and disclosure of your information through the applications  the services and the site. It does not cover any collection  use or disclosure by third parties through any applications  Web sites  products or services that we do not control or own  such as Facebook  or any third party features or services made available via an application  the services or the site. All trademarks  trade names  and logos of third parties featured on the Applications or the site belong to their respective owners.   1. WHAT KIND OF INFORMATION WE COLLECT   Personal Information:  We do not collect Personal Information. Personal Information is information that identifies you or another person  which may be transmitted or received when you use an Application  the Services and/or the Site. Personal Information includes your geographic location information  names  physical addresses  email addresses  telephone and fax within your device  contact entries stored within your Device  files  content  photographs  location information and other metadata in photographs and other information you transmit or receive using an Application  the Services  and/or the Site which identifies you or another person. Personal Information also includes information about you or others that may be accessed by our system directly from your Device  including from your address book  location  photos or contacts folder  in order to enable certain features of an Application or the Services  such as the feature that finds and suggests mutual friends and other individuals who you may know. Unless you have elected to opt-out of providing your geographic location information  the Applications may use and store information related to the geographic location of your device and combine this information with other Personal Information to provide certain services  whether or not the Application is active.  Session and Usage Data:  Session and Usage Data is information about your use of an Application  the Services and/or the Site and includes  without limitation  connection and service-related data submitted to us through your use of an Application  the Services or the Site. Session and Usage Data includes information relating to the connection request  server communication and data sharing  including network measurements  quality of service  and date  time and location of the bump. We also may aggregate Session and Usage data as described in Aggregate Information below. Please note that Session and Usage Data does not include any Personal Information.   2. HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION   Personal Information:  Since we do not collect Personal Information  we may not use your Personal Information in any way.  Non-Personal Information:  We may use Non-Personal Information for any purpose  including for our own internal purposes; to measure traffic patterns; to understand demographics  customer interest  and other trends among our Users; to provide  improve and modify the Applications  Services and the Site; and for promotion and marketing purposes. We do not combine Non-Personal Information with Personal Information (such as combining your name with your unique User Device number).   3. PLAYING OUR GAMES  By downloading  accessing and/or playing our apps/games or using our other Services  you consent to the collection of information about you by us. Most of this data comes directly from you or your device  such as device information  country and region  app usage and game play information. We use this data to provide our apps/games and Services to you  including for the purposes of optimisation  preventing fraud  customising in-game offers and verifying purchases. We may also use it for the other purposes set out in this Privacy Policy.  Data about your account and app/game progress. Data we collect with cookies and similar technologies (see more below). Contact information such as Player name and Display name  Other permission you choose to give us. In most cases  we also create a Coderays-specific player ID for you when you use the Service. Data for advertising and analytics purposes  so we can provide you a better Service.  When you purchase items via our mobile apps (such as In-app purchases) we do not collect or store any payment information from you.  We also analyse and use the information that we collect on an anonymised or aggregated basis for product development  to analyse the performance of our games  to troubleshoot and to improve and optimise the games to ensure the best player experience for our players as a whole.  Cheating  crime and fraud prevention:  We may use personal data that we hold to prevent cheating  crime or fraud. We may also need to pass your information to fraud prevention agencies and other organisations involved in crime and fraud prevention  such as the police.  4. HOW YOUR INFORMATION MAY BE DISCLOSED   Personal Information:  In general  we use Session and Usage Data internally to serve our Users and enable them to take maximum advantage of the Applications  the Services and the Site. We do not store Personal Information and therefore we do not disclose your Personal Information.  Non-Personal Information:  We may disclose Non-Personal Information for any purpose. We do not combine Non-Personal Information with Personal Information.   5. THIRD-PARTY SITES   In general  the Applications  the Services and the Site access third party information through application interfaces. We may provide links to third-party Web sites as a service to our Users. The application / site may also carry advertisements from other companies. When you click on links of third parties in an Application  the Services or the Site  you may leave the Application  the Services or the Site. Some of these third party sites may be co-branded with our name/logo or our affiliated entity's name/logo  even though they are not operated or maintained by us. This Policy does not address  and we are not responsible for  the privacy practices of Web sites operated by third parties  whether they are linked to or otherwise accessible from an Application  the Services or the Site. The inclusion of a link or accessibility of third party Web sites does not imply endorsement of such third party Website by us.  Although we don't collect any Personal Information  the Applications  the Services and the Site use third party services  which may do so.  This Policy only covers our collection  use and disclosure of your information through the Applications  the Services and the Site. It does not cover any collection  use or disclosure by third parties through any applications  Websites  products or services that we do not control or own  such as Facebook  or any third party features or services made available via an Application  the Services or the Site. We shall not be liable for the collection  use and disclosure of your Personal Information by any third parties.   6. SECURITY   CodeRays Technologies is very concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. We do not collect Personal Information  and we employ administrative  physical and electronic measures designed to protect your Non-Personal Information from unauthorized access and use. Please be aware that no security measures that we take to protect your information is absolutely guaranteed to avoid unauthorized access or use of your Non-Personal Information or is impenetrable.   7. PERMISSIONS   Our application use the camera feature provided by mobile device  and don't collect any information from user. Application use the camera feature & permission to support the torch light feature.  8. HOW DO WE PROTECT YOUR DATA  Security Safeguards:  In order to help ensure a secure and safe user experience  we are continuously developing and implementing administrative  technical and physical security measures to protect your data from unauthorized access or against loss  misuse or alteration.  Data retention:  We retain your data for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you the Service. We will for example periodically de-identify unused user accounts and we regularly review and de-identify unnecessary data.  Note that if you ask us to remove your personal data  we will retain your data as necessary for our legitimate business interests  such as to comply with our legal obligations  resolve disputes  and enforce our agreements.   9. CONTACTING US / REPORTING VIOLATIONS   If you have any questions or comments about this Policy or our privacy practices  or to report any violations of the Policy or abuse of an Applications  the Services or the Site  kindly contact us at contactus@coderays.com Our address:   CodeRays Technologies  No.12  Santhosh Residency  2nd Main Road   CIT Nagar (E)   Chennai 600 035   Tamilnadu  India  Phone: +91 44 42148213   