 Ego360 - Privacy Policy of Products    1. Introduction  We at Ego360 respect the privacy of everyone who uses our games  apps and websites and all related services which we may provide to you from time to time (Products). In this document we refer to Ego360 s.r.l. - Via Filippo Palizzi  19/A - 80127 Napoli (Italy) - P.IVA 06882461210 as Ego360  we  us or our and we refer to you as you and your.  This document  the  Privacy Policy  explains how we collect  process and store any personal data belonging to you  meaning information about you which is personally identifiable such as your name  address  telephone number or email address. Such information is referred to throughout this policy as  Personal Information or  data.  By accessing and/or using our Products you consent to us collecting  processing  storing and sharing your Personal Information in the ways set out in this Privacy Policy. If you have any concerns about providing data to us or having it used in any manner permitted in this Privacy Policy you should not use our Products. As set out in the terms and conditions relating to our Products  you must be at least 13 years old to access and use our Products.  2. About us  We are a company called Ego360 s.r.l. We are registered in Italy (Via Filippo Palizzi  19/A - 80127 Napoli (Italy) - P.IVA 06882461210)  3. Information we collect about you  and how we collect it  We may collect and process the following data about you:   information that you provide us with when you fill in forms when using our Products  or when you create an account with us;  details of your use of our Products and the resources that you access (for example  information about how and when you play and/or use our Products or visit our website(s)  or what device you use to access our Products);  if you contact us or respond to messages and communications that we send to you  we may keep a record of that correspondence;  your interactions with us on our social media channels; and information we collect via cookies  as explained further below.   Cookies  We use cookies and other similar technologies. Cookies are small files which store some information on your computer or mobile device.  We use cookies and similar technologies:   to allow us to recognise you and your device  for example by identifying your IP address;  to allow our Products to interact with a third party social network or platform (where you have chosen to allow such interaction);  to allow our payment processors to process your payment instructions;  to provide you with more customized Products  for example to provide our Products in the correct language;  to obtain data which will allow us to understand how people are using our Products so that we can improve them.   If you use Ego360's Products or access any of our other Services on a social network like Facebook  Ego360 receives certain information about you from the social network automatically. The information we receive depends on the Ego360 Product you’re using  the social network  and your privacy settings and your friends’ privacy settings on that social network.  For example  Ego360 may collect and store some or all of the following information provided by the social network:   your first and last name;  your profile picture or its URL;  your social network ID number (like your Facebook ID number)  which is linked to publicly-available information like your name and profile photo;  the social network ID numbers and other public data for your friends;  the login e-mail you provided to that social network when you registered with it;  your physical location and that of the devices you use to access our Services;  your gender;  your birthday and/or age range;  other publicly-available information on the social network; and/or  any other information that you or the social networks share with Ego360.  If you access our Services from a social network  you should also read that social network’s Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.   If you are unclear about what information a social network is sharing with us  please go to the social networks where you use our Products to find out more about their privacy settings.  Cookies and Automated Information Collection  We and service providers acting on our behalf  like Google Analytics  store log files and use tracking technologies such as:  cookies  which are small pieces of data transferred to your mobile device or computer for record-keeping purposes; web beacons  which let us know if a certain page was visited or whether an e-mail was opened; tracking pixels  which allow us or our advertising partners to advertise more efficiently and effectively; and local shared objects  also known as flash cookies  which help us to reduce fraud  remember your in-Product preferences and speed up load times.  We and our service providers use these log files  tags  and tracking technologies to collect and analyze certain kinds of technical information  including:   IP addresses;  the type of computer or mobile device you are using;  your operating system version;  your mobile device’s identifiers  like your MAC Address  Identifier For Advertising (IDFA)  and/or International Mobile Equipment Identity (IMEI);  your browser types;  your browser language;  referring and exit pages  and URLs;  platform type;  the number of clicks on a page or feature;  domain names;  landing pages;  pages viewed and the order of those pages;  the amount of time spent on particular pages; and  Product state and the date and time of activity on our Products.  In some cases  we will connect this information with your social network ID or Ego360 user ID.   Please note that companies delivering advertisements on our Services may also use cookies or other technologies as described below in Third Party Advertising Including Tailored Advertising and Analytics  and those practices are subject to those companies’ own policies.  Other Information from Your Mobile Device  If you use Ego360 Products on your mobile device  in addition to your device identifiers  we may also collect:   the name you have associated with your device;  your telephone number;  your country; and  with your permission  your specific geolocation and your mobile contacts   Information About You That You Share With Us Directly  When you use our Services (whether through a social network or through Ego360 directly)  you may give us information directly (like when you’re setting up your account) and we will store that on our systems and use it for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy.  Some Products or parts of our Services may use a more traditional registration or account set-up process where you may be asked to give us some or all of the following information:   your age or birthday;  your first and last names;  your e-mail address;  a password; and  other information that helps us make sure it’s you accessing your account or helps us improve our services.   We may also let you create a user profile  separate from your social networking site profile (for example  your Facebook profile)  that other Ego360 users can see. Your user profile may include information like:   a profile photo;  Product username(s);  your gender;  biographic details (like your age or age range);  approximate location information that you provide;  links to your profiles on various social network;  details about the Products you use; and  a Ego360 user ID number that is created by Ego360 and used to identify your profile.   By accessing our website(s) or using our Products you consent to our use of cookies in accordance with this Privacy Policy. You can disable cookies through your web or phone browser settings but you may find you are not able to enjoy all the features of our Products if you do so.  Payment Information  When you purchase Products  we may collect certain payment information from you on behalf of our payment service providers  but this information is temporarily cached in a way that is unreadable by Ego360. When you purchase items via our apps (such as those you can purchase in the App Store  via Amazon Kindle or on Google Play) we do not collect or store any payment information from you.  4. How will we use your Personal Information?  You agree that we (or a supplier or group company acting on our behalf and only under our instructions) may use your Personal Information for the purposes of:   contacting you  for example as part of customer service or to send you updates about our Products;  managing your account and relationship with us and improving your experience when you use our Products;  research  surveying  and engaging with you  for example by sending you communications (including by email) for these purposes;  marketing and promotion of our Products or related products  for example sending you communications (including by email) for these purposes on our  or a third party's behalf. For example  we might send you information about merchandise relating to our Products If you do not want us to use your data in this way please let us know by contacting us at service.ego360@gmail.com;  to create reports  analysis or similar services for use by us for the purposes of research or business intelligence  for example to track potential problems or trends with our Products;  preventing cheating  crime or fraud. We may also need to pass your information to fraud prevention agencies and other organisations involved in crime and fraud prevention;   and as otherwise expressly set out in this Privacy Policy or as required by law.  5. Will we share your Personal Information with third parties?  We will only share your data with third parties (for example  our group companies or suppliers): with your consent (including as set out in this Privacy Policy);   as reasonably necessary in order to provide the Products to you (for example  by providing your Personal Information to suppliers we may use to fulfil the Products or to communicate with you);  where it is necessary to carry out your instructions (for example  to process a payment instruction we must provide your Personal Information to our payment processors);  where your data is on an anonymous and aggregated basis  meaning you could not be personally identified from it;  when you submit information as part of a competition or otherwise interact with our social media channels (for example  by providing a testimonial about one of our Products) we may publish the information you submitted  alongside your name and home country on our website and social media channels;  as we reasonably believe is permitted by law or regulation;  in order to comply with any legal obligation  or in order to enforce or apply our terms and conditions and/or any other agreement with you; or to protect the rights  property  or safety of Ego360  our users  or others;  in the event that there is a sale of the assets of Ego360or corporate restructuring  or as a result of a change of control of Ego360or one of its group companies  or in preparation of any of these events. Any third party to which Ego360transfers of sells Ego360’s assets will have the right to continue to use the personal and other information that you provide to us in the manner set out in this Privacy Policy. We will not sell or rent your information to any third party outside of these circumstances.   6. Interaction with third party social networks or platforms  You may allow our Products to interact with a third party social network or platform  which will provide data about you to us. These applications or websites are created and maintained by a third party which is not a part of  or controlled by Ego360. You should ensure that you read their terms of service and privacy policies to understand how they treat your data and what data they might share with us.  You understand that where you allow your account with us to interact with any third party social network or platform  we may share data about you with your contacts (and vice versa) in order that you may enjoy playing or using our Products socially. This data includes your name  your social media profile picture and your scores and/or progress in our Products.  You can make changes to what data a third party social network or platform shares with us  or stop our Products interacting with that social network or platform by adjusting your settings with that third party provider  however you may find you are not able to enjoy all of the same features of our Products.  7. For how long will we retain your information?  We will retain your Personal Information for as long as is necessary to fulfil the purposes for which it was collected or as needed to provide you with Products. We may retain your Personal Information after you have closed any account you have with us or after we have ceased providing Products to you if retention of your Personal Information is reasonably necessary to comply with our legal obligations  meet regulatory requirements  resolve disputes between members  prevent fraud  cheating or abuse  or enforce this Privacy Policy or any other agreement we may have with a user.  8. Will we transfer your Personal Information overseas?  Your Personal Information may be transferred to  and stored at  a destination outside the European Economic Area ( EEA). It may also be processed by staff operating outside the EEA who work for us or for one of our suppliers. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your Personal Information is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy.  9. How do we protect your Personal Information?  The security of your Personal Information is important to us. We maintain appropriate technical and physical safeguards to protect your Personal Information against accidental or unlawful destruction or loss  alteration  unauthorised disclosure or access  use and all other unlawful forms of processing of the data in our possession. We use the same level of skill in protecting your Personal Information as other similar Products developers. However  since the internet is not a completely secure environment we cannot guarantee that information you transmit via our Products will not be accessed  disclosed  altered or destroyed by breach of any of our safeguards.  10. Links from our Products  We may provide links to third party websites from our Products. You understand that when you click on these links any data which you provide thereafter is subject to such third party’s privacy policy and not to ours. Although we will endeavour only to link to reputable websites  Ego360 takes no responsibility for the content  safety or security of any third party website.  11. Your rights in relation to your Personal Information  You have the right to request a copy of the information that we hold about you. If you would like a copy of some or all of your Personal Information  please contact us at service.ego360@gmail.com - we may make a small charge for this.  We want to make sure that your Personal Information is accurate and up to date. You may ask us to modify  correct or remove information by contacting us at the email address above.  Information that you have shared via our Products on any social network or third party platform cannot be amended or deleted by us where it is in the control of that social network or third party platform. In addition  where any third party copies information which you have made available via the use of our Products (for example  one of your friends on a social network you allow to interact with your account)  we may not be able to amend or delete it because it may not be in our control. You have the right to ask us not to use your Personal Information for marketing purposes. To change your marketing preferences  or to unsubscribe  please contact us at service.ego360@gmail.com  12. How to contact us  To find out more about how your Personal Information will be used please contact us by email at the address above.  service.ego360@gmail.com  13. Complaints  We hope that you won’t have any complaints about us or our Products. If you are unhappy with our use of your Personal Information then please contact our customer services department by emailing service.ego360@gmail.com  You also have the right to complain to your local data protection authority if there is a problem.  14. Legal matters  If any court or other competent authority finds any of the terms of this Privacy Policy to be invalid or unenforceable  the other terms of this Privacy Policy will not be affected.  This Privacy Policy is governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of Italy. Any dispute arising in connection with this Privacy Policy will be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of Italy (Naples).  We are constantly innovating and looking for new ways to improve our Products. We may therefore amend this Privacy Policy from time to time to reflect such improvements or any other changes to our business. We will endeavour to tell you about any significant changes to this Privacy Policy which we feel may disadvantage you in any material way. If you object to any of the changes you should immediately stop using our Products and close any account you may have with us.  These Privacy Policy were last updated on 28/07/2014. 