    Appstronaut Studios    GI Health  Headaches  Mental Health  Sleep  Other apps  Contact     PRIVACY POLICY  Your privacy is important to Appstronaut Studios. This privacy statement provides information about the personal information that Appstronaut Studios collects  and the ways in which Appstronaut Studios uses that personal information.  Information collection  Appstronaut Studios inc. may collect and use the following kinds of personal information:  – Usage data.  Using personal information  Appstronaut Studios may use your personal information to:  – Improve the user experience of our apps.  Where Appstronaut Studios discloses your personal information to its agents or sub-contractors for these purposes  the agent or sub-contractor in question will be obligated to use that personal information in accordance with the terms of this privacy statement.  In addition to the disclosures necessary for the purposes identified elsewhere above  Appstronaut Studios may disclose your personal information to the extent that it is required to do so by law  in connection with any legal proceedings or prospective legal proceedings  and in order to establish  exercise or defend its legal rights.  Securing your data  Appstronaut Studios will take reasonable technical and organisational precautions to prevent the loss  misuse or alteration of your personal information.  Cross-border data transfers  Information that Appstronaut Studios collects may be stored in and transferred between any of the countries in which Appstronaut Studios operates to enable the use of the information in accordance with this privacy policy.  You agree to such transfers of personal information.  Updating this statement  Appstronaut Studios may update this privacy policy by posting a new version on this website.  You should check this page occasionally to ensure you are familiar with any changes.  Contact Appstronaut Studios  If you have any questions about this privacy policy or Appstronaut Studios treatment of your personal information  please reach us via our contact page .  Contact | Privacy Policy   © 2020 Appstronaut Studios  