PRIVACY POLICY Updated automatically every 5 minutes PRIVACY POLICY Effective date: June 5  2019 MaxCare Health Group (also referred to as “Company”  “we”  “us”  or “our” ) attaches great importance to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy (the “ Policy ”) describes how we collect  store  use and disclose your information that could identify an individual (“ Personal Data ”)  and what choices you (“you”  “your”) have with respect to the information when you use our mobile applications  our services  our sites. Any mobile applications that hyperlink to this Policy and are available for download in the Google Play Store or any other third-party  app store  or are pre-installed on third-party devices (the “Application” or “Applications” )  the related services we provide ( “Services” ) or any other websites ( “Sites” )  pages  features  or content owned or operated by MaxCare Health Group . This Policy does not cover any collection  use or disclosure by third-parties through any Applications  Sites   or Services that we do not control or own  such as Facebook or any third-party features or services made available via an Application  the Services or the Sites. The protection of your personal data is very important to us  and we understand our responsibilities to handle your personal data with care  to keep it secure and to comply with legal requirements. Please read this policy carefully. this policy is not intended to override the terms of any contract that you have with us or any rights you might have available under applicable data protection laws. We may make changes to this Policy from time to time for example  to keep it up to date or to comply with legal requirements or changes in the way we operate our business. We encourage you to regularly check and review this policy so that you will always know what information we collect  how we use it  and who we share it with. Updates in this version of the Policy reflect changes in data protection law. In addition  we have worked to make the Policy clearer and more understandable by: Organizing it into the sections listed in the Table Of Contents below. Providing a series of examples that help illustrate how to policies may be implemented by MaxCare Health Group. Defining and capitalizing a few terms that are used more than once for simplicity and brevity. TABLE OF CONTENTS: Applicability Of This Privacy Policy Permissions On Your Device WHAT information do we collect? HOW we use personal information? HOW your information maybe disclosed? HOW we handle information of children? Direct Marketing Third-Party Products and Integrations Contact & Complaints APPENDIX I – COOKIE POLICY 1. Applicability Of This Privacy Policy This Policy applies to Buttocks Workout . If you do not agree with the terms  do not download & install & use Buttocks Workout or any other aspect of MaxCare Health Group . If you have any questions and privacy practices  please contact us at our mailing address in app store. 2. Permissions On Your Device Permission Relate functions Purpose of Permission Device status & User identity permission Major feature Analyze product data & improve User Experience Storage Major feature Get the music list in phone You can check if such permissions are allowed or not for our product and service  which can be done by checking “Settings – Apps” and / or “Settings – Permissions” in your device  and thereby decide whether each permission will continue to be allowed or will be denied. The specific way to review the status of such permissions and deny them may vary in different devices  and please refer to the notes or instructions provided by relevant device OEMs and OS developers. In case that you’re unable to carry out relevant steps and adjust the settings in your currently-used product or device  please contact us or the OEM of you device. Please note that allowing these permissions will be deemed as your consent to allow us collect and use relevant information to realize relevant functions; when you deny or disable the permissions in whole or in part  it means you have refused to provide related information to us  therefore also making us unable to provide you those functions relevant to such permissions. To the extent allowed by applicable laws  your decision to deny a certain permission on your device does not affect or invalidate our previous handling of your relevant information which has been based on your prior consent to allow such permission. 3. WHAT information do we collect? Have two basic types of information: Personal Information & Non-Personally Identifiable Information. 3.1. Personal Information We do not collect Personal Information. Personal Information is information that identifies you or another person  which may be transmitted or received when you use an Application  the Services and/or the Site. Personal Information includes your geographic. The personal data collected will be processed fairly and lawfully inside or outside the European Union but only in accordance with the provisions of the GDPR . ( Read more about GDPR ) 3.2. Non-Personally Identifiable Information Non-personally identifiable Information means information from which an individual cannot directly be identified. Additionally  non-personal data means aggregate and de-personalized information. We may use tools or third party analytical software to automatically collect non-personal identifiable information about users whenever they interact with our apps. Non-personal identification information may include the type of your phone and technical information about users means of connection to our apps  such as the versions of phone model and other similar information. Log Data: When you interact with us using the Application  our systems may automatically collect your unique User Device number  the IP address  or operating system you use  and the dates and times of your use (Log Data). Aggregate Information: Aggregate Information is data we collect about a group or category of services or Users from which individual User identities have been removed. In other words  information on how you use the Application may be collected and combined with information about how others use the Application  but no personally identifiable information will be included in the resulting Aggregate Information. Aggregate Information helps us understand trends in our Users' needs so that we can better consider new features or otherwise tailor of the Application. 4. HOW do we use personal information? 4.1. Since we do not collect Personal Information  we may not use your personal information in any way. 4.2. We will use your non-personally identifiable information for any purpose as below: To personalize user experience: understand Demographics  Customer interest  and other trends among our users. To help develop our service: provide  maintain  improve the Applications  Services and the Site. To grow-up our business: we may use your non-personally identifiable information for our promotion and marketing purposes. 5. HOW do we handle information of children? 5.1. Notwithstanding different definition of “children” in the laws and customs in your place of residence  we regard all persons under 14 year of age as children. In case that you or your child is 14 years or older in age  but still considered as children under applicable laws in your place of residence  the terms below shall still apply. 5.2. Except as otherwise stated  our product  website and service are primarily directed to adults. Children shall not create their own user accounts except with relevant consent from their parent(s) or other lawful guardian(s); without guidance and consent from their guardian(s)  children shall not independently confirm and accept this Privacy Policy and use our product or service. 5.3. We’ll comply with local laws regarding children’s right protection applicable to our product and service (such as Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act of the USA). 5.4.  We do not knowingly collect information from children in the absence of consent of their lawful guardians. If you believe we have collected information from any child in error or have questions or concerns about our any other practices relating to children  please notify us and we will take proper actions to investigate and promptly solve relevant issues In case we find out that we’ve collected children’s information without prior consents from their lawful guardians  we’ll make efforts to quickly delete relevant data. 6. HOW can your information be disclosed? 6 .1. Personal Information In general  we use Session and Usage Data internally to serve our Users and enable them to take maximum advantage of the Applications  the Services and the Site. We do not store Personal Information and therefore we do not disclose your Personal Information. 6.2. Non-Personal Information We may disclose Non-Personal Information to our trusted partners who shall comply with this privacy policy and the relevant privacy laws. We do not combine Non-Personal Information with Personal Information (such as combining your name with your unique User Device number). 7. Direct Marketing We may use your non-personal data to send you direct marketing communications about our own or third party products and services or our related services including our latest product announcements and upcoming events. This may be in the form of email  post  SMS  telephone or targeted online advertisements. We limit direct marketing to a reasonable and proportionate level  and to send you communications which we think will be interesting and relevant to you  based on the information we have about you. For the purposes of GDPR our processing of your personal data for direct marketing purposes is based on our legitimate interests (as further detailed in applicable Appendix)  but where opt-in consent is required by the relevant laws such as the Privacy and Electronic Communications Regulations of Europe  we may ask you for your consent. You have a right to stop receiving direct marketing at any time. You can do this by following the opt-out or unsubscribe links in electronic communications (such as emails)  or by contacting us if you find problems in making such settings by yourself. Please also note that  when necessary (e.g.  certain service is suspended due to system maintenance)  we may send to you relevant announcements. You may not be able to cancel the announcements related to the services that are not promotional in nature. We also use your personal data for customizing or personalizing ads (AdMob Consent SDK)  offers and content made available to you based on your usage of our mobile applications  websites  platforms or services  and analyzing the performance of those ads  offers and content  as well as your interaction with them. We may also recommend content to you based on information we have collected about you and your viewing habits. 8. Contact & Complaints If you have any issue arising from this policy  including requests to exercise data subject rights  you can contact us at our mailing address in app store. If you have a complaint or concern about how we use your personal data  please contact us in the first instance and we will attempt to resolve the issue as soon as possible. You also have a right to lodge a complaint with your national data protection supervisory authority at any time. We do ask that you please attempt to resolve any issues with us first  although you have a right to contact your supervisory authority at any time. APPENDIX I – COOKIE POLICY We or our third party partners may collect and use your information via tracking technology such as Cookies  which information may be stored as log information. We use such technologies to provide more tailored services and user experiences  and for purposes such as remembering your account identity or analyzing your account’s security; analyzing your usage of our product and service; advertisement optimization (helping us to provide you with more targeted advertisements instead of general advertisements based on your information). We may also process and summarize the non-personal data collected via tracking technology and provide the same to advertisers or other partners to be used to analyze how users use our services and for advertisement purpose. There may be tracking technology placed by advertisers or other partners in our products and service. Such tracking technology may collect the non-person information related to you for the purpose of analyzing how users use the services and sending to you the advertisements you might find interest in  or evaluating the effects of the advertisements. Collection and use of such information via third party tracking technology will not be subject to our Privacy Policy  but will be subject to third-party privacy policies applicable to the users  and we will not be liable for the third-party Cookies or web beacon. You may use browser and personal device settings to refuse or manage tracking technology. However  for technical reasons beyond our control  this cannot be guaranteed. For example  if you reset your browser  delete your cookies or access to our website or applications from another browser or device  your cookie settings may be lost. You shall be aware that when ceasing to use Cookie or other tracking technology  you may not be able to enjoy the best service experiences  or parts of our product or service may no longer function correctly (please contact us in case of any such problems). Furthermore  you mays still receive the same amount of commercial information such as advertisements which will have lower relevancy to you. 9. Third-Party Products and Integrations The General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)  which goes into effect on 25 May 2018  creates consistent data protection rules across Europe. It applies to all companies that process personal data about individuals in the EU  regardless of where the company is based. Processing is defined broadly and refers to anything related to personal data  including how a company handles and manages data  such as collecting  storing  using and destroying data. In general  the Applications  the Services and the Site access third party information (such as your Facebook  Google account information) through application interfaces. We may provide links to third-party websites  such as Facebook  Google as a service to our users. The Site may also carry advertisements from other companies. When you click on links of third parties in an Application  the Services  you may leave the Application  the Services. We do not collect your information through the third party. Although they are linked to us for accessible from our Application & Services  we are not responsible for the privacy practices of Websites operated by third parties. Therefore  this Policy does not address and we are not responsible for any problem caused by them. The information that you transfer and share through the Application may be intercepted  collected  used and disclosed by third parties. We are not responsible for any interception  collection  use and disclosure of your information by any third party. Please choose other ways to transfer and share if you have higher security requirements. We work closely with third-party service providers and may receive information about you from them. These services providers collect usage data in compliance with their privacy policies. These service providers are described below: + About how Google manages data in ads products: https://www.google.com/policies/technologies/partner-sites/ and + About Google comply with Europe’s new General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR): https://support.google.com/admob/answer/7666366 + Firebase Analytics: our Android application uses Firebase Analytics service. Firebase’s privacy policy is available at https://firebase.google.com/terms/analytics Firebase Analytics is a mobile analytics services also provided by Google and governed by the Firebase Analytics terms of service. This service helps us understand our users and how they use our apps including information about interactions with the user's mobile applications. Firebase Analytics uses identifiers for advertising on mobile applications (for example  Android Advertising ID and Advertising Identifier for iOS)  and they will collect the AAID and AIiOS to understand our users  but users who wish to opt-out of the AAID and AIiOS advertisement tracking can do so through device advertising settings for mobile apps and Users who wish to avoid tracking by Firebase Analytics can opt-out in application settings. Data collected will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers globally. + Google Analytics: for information regarding how Google uses data please visit How Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps: http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/partners/ Google Analytics is a web analytics service provided by Google  Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses “cookies” to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website  compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law  or where such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser  however  please note that if you do this  you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website  you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above. + Google AdMob: our Android application uses Google’s AdMob advertising service. AdMob’s privacy policy is available at https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy Published by Google Drive – Report Abuse