BLOG FAQ DE GET THE APP FOR FREE Privacy Policy The protection of your personal data is of particular concern to us at BestFit (hereinafter referred to as „we“). Therefore we follow the legal requirements when collecting and processing your personal data. In the following  we would like to inform you in detail about the scope and purpose of data collection. Status: May 2018 Principle of anonymous use of data The use of our web pages is usually possible without giving personal data. Insofar as personal data (e.g. name  address or e-mail addresses) is collected on our pages  this is always done on a voluntary basis as far as possible. The creation of a customer profile is necessary for the use of our apps. This data will not be passed on to third parties without your explicit permission. You will find the legal basis for data protection in the European Basic Data Protection Regulation (DS-GVO)  the Federal Data Protection Act (BDSG) and the Telemedia Act (TMG). We would like to point out that data transmission when calling up our website or apps (e.g. when communicating by e-mail) can be subject to security gaps. Complete protection of the data against access by third parties is not possible. When you access our website or apps  some information is transmitted. They also provide information about the end device used (computer  smartphone  tablet  etc.)  the browser used (Internet Explorer  Safari  Firefox  etc.)  the time of access to the website  the so-called referrer and transferred data volumes. We cannot use this data to identify individual users. The information is used by us to determine the attractiveness of our offers and to improve their performance or content if necessary and to make them even more interesting for you. Please read this privacy policy carefully. Personal data The term „personal data“ is defined in the Federal Data Protection Act. These are individual details about the personal or factual circumstances of a specific or identifiable natural person. This includes  for example  your civil name  your address  your telephone number or your date of birth. Collection and processing of personal data Personal data will only be collected by us if you provide us with it  for example  if you contact us  in particular when registering a BestFit account  placing an order  requesting information or publishing it within our BestFit App in your profile. We only use the personal data provided by you as far as your data is necessary for the fulfillment and processing of our services. We store your data as long as it is necessary for the fulfillment of the intended purpose  as long as the legal storage periods make storage necessary. Your data will then be deleted or blocked in accordance with legal regulations. If you have any questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy  please contact us by email at info@bestfit.app. Data protection principles BestFit undertakes to treat all personal data passed on to us by customers in accordance with the applicable data protection laws  in particular not to pass these on to third parties without previous permission. In the relationship between the parties involved  third parties are the respective providers of other services as well as the third parties that BestFit uses to process payments or to perform other contractual or technical services. In particular  BestFit undertakes not to collect  store  change  block or delete the personal data protected by the Federal Data Protection Act for any purpose other than the legitimate fulfillment of the respective task  to disclose the data to third parties or make it accessible or otherwise use it. This obligation to maintain data secrecy shall continue until the deletion of the respective personal data. Furthermore  our technical infrastructure ensures reliable protection against unauthorized access to and alteration of your data stored by us by unauthorized third parties (data security and integrity). We ensure that the basic requirements of the data protection regulations of German and European law (e.g. DS-GVO  BDSG  TMG) are complied with by us and our affiliated companies and service providers  even if data is processed and/or stored outside Germany. As far as possible and appropriate for BestFit  BestFit will also obligate the providers  organizers and the aforementioned third parties accordingly to the data protection. „Anonymous data“ refers below to data that is not connected with personal data; individual persons cannot be identified on the basis of anonymous data. „Health Data“ hereinafter means data relating to a physical or mental condition that may arise (even to a limited extent) in connection with a medical context. Type and scale of data collected Separate consent for health data Partial services of BestFit are not possible without the collection  processing and use of health data. In this respect  you agree that BestFit may collect  store and use the health data provided by you for the purpose of establishing  executing or terminating the contract  as far as this is necessary for the above-mentioned purpose. A further use  in particular  passing on to third parties by BestFit  does not take place. If an evaluation is carried out for scientific purposes as well as for the purpose of constantly optimizing BestFit’s offer  the data will be anonymized and only this anonymous data will be used. For the use of the website or the provision of services  BestFit collects various types of data  which are partly provided by the respective user and partly necessary for the use of the website or app or which arise through the use of the website or app and the services provided through it. During the registration process  for example via the login  the basic data for the registration are transmitted to BestFit; the individual data are determined by the registration forms of the respective login and are only collected  stored and used for the use of the services provided by BestFit. In the context of such a registration BestFit is also entitled to inform the user about changes  additions or new versions of the website and about the information provided by the website. If you wish to send e-mail messages or other communications  including but not limited to comments  to the Website Provider or post them directly on the Website  the Website Provider will retain such communications in order to process the User’s request  respond to questions and improve the Website  products and services. When a comment is published  the email address you provide will be stored  but not published. Your name will be published if you have not written under a pseudonym. If  for example  feedback is made available  the provider may use and disclose this feedback for any purpose  as long as the provider does not provide it with your personal data  unless you have separately authorized the provider to do so in individual cases. The collection of the data contained in such feedback and the handling of all personal data contained therein shall be in accordance with the above data protection principles. The communication of health data takes place via an encrypted internet connection  the storage takes place on internet-connected servers in Germany. Excluded from this is any further communication via our website bestfit.app (and its subpages) or via our app. Note on data transmission to the USA According to the current case law of the European Court of Justice on the Safe Harbour data protection agreement with the USA  personal data can no longer be transferred to the USA with a data protection standard corresponding to that of the EU. BestFit only transfers the data expressly mentioned in this data protection declaration to the USA. At the same time  BestFit explains at the appropriate points the possibilities to prevent a transfer. Registration of a BestFit account Via our login system  you can create a BestFit account with which you can log in to all our offers after the first registration. We use cookies – small files – in your browser to identify you. All data that you store in your account is stored in a database of BestFit GmbH  Rintheimer Straße 15  76131 Karlsruhe  Germany. Some of our offers can only be used if you set up a BestFit account. For registration we only need the following data: First name and surname email address password You must also read our Privacy Policy and accept our Terms and Conditions  Cancellation Policy and Terms of Use. You also have the option to provide us with additional information such as your gender  training city  training studio  fitness level  goal and a profile photo  which you can change or remove at any time. We also offer you the possibility to create your BestFit account via your Google or Facebook account. When you register with your Google or Facebook account  you will be informed which data we need from you from Google or Facebook – especially your public profile information  such as first name  last name  gender and your e-mail address  which you have deposited there. These are necessary for identification in order to create a secure BestFit account for you. This allows us to show you which of your friends are already at BestFit. Your Google or Facebook profile and your BestFit account will be permanently linked via the mail address. We store your mail details with us and will contact you at this address if necessary. We also remember that you signed in to us via Google or Facebook. Once you log in to Google or Facebook  you can also sign in to us. We will not share any information about you with Google or Facebook without your permission. Important: We never get to know your Google or Facebook access data and have no possibility to post anything in your Google or Facebook profile without your permission. You can find out how Google or Facebook handles privacy settings in Google’s or Facebook’s Privacy Notice and Terms of Use  which also describe the terms and conditions applicable to the above-mentioned ability to sign in and register with us. Other Facebook functions such as the Like button  which you will find in the following chapters of this privacy policy  have nothing to do with this registration option and will be played separately from your BestFit account. Data collection  processing and use in the context of BestFit Apps In order to use our BestFit App  you must have a BestFit account. You have already been informed above which data is collected for this purpose. In order to provide you with an optimal BestFit experience  the concept of BestFit is partly based on the publication of certain information from our users  including your information. So that you can decide for yourself if and which data you would like to publish  we present our program in more detail below. This includes  in particular  the following information: Public profile (picture  user name  training location  training studio) With the information in your public profile  you appear in the BestFit App. This information allows other users to see you within the BestFit App. Other users can see your user name and profile picture (if you agree)  your training location and training studio. The BestFit app stores all your successfully completed training sessions and the related information  such as uploaded photos or comments. Thus some of your information is also available to other users within the BestFit App. We want to make sure that not everyone is alone with their training  but that their achievements are appreciated and serve as an incentive for newcomers. Based on your entered data  successfully completed training sessions and your feedback on your already completed training sessions  you will receive personalized training plans. We use a complex algorithm to analyze the data you have entered  the training performance you have completed (training method  the time required  training weight  repetitions  etc.) and your feedback in order to be able to offer exactly the right training. Furthermore  you have the possibility to enter the following settings when defining your training plan: Define the goal (endurance  mass  definition  fat reduction  coordination) Training sessions per week Which muscle groups are to be trained and which are not Prioritize muscle groups Duration of a training session Do you train with or without a partner? We process these inputs in order to generate your training  taking into account your settings. Evaluation of location data Within our BestFit App  there is the possibility to enter location data. For this  we need access to the location data. These data allow us to show the number of visitors of the individual gyms. In order to determine which regions of the world the most users are at home  we evaluate your location data statistically. For this purpose  we access the position data stored in the iOS device under „Frequent Places“. These data are forwarded to us without any reference to your person when using the app. We evaluate the collected position data exclusively statistically. Further information about the location function „Frequent Places“ of iOS devices and the possibility of deactivation can be found here . Access permissions We need these access options and information about the technical functionality of our app and to provide the services offered with the app  in particular  to access your camera or photos  to determine your training location or to send you push messages to inform you about news. We will ask for permission to access the individual functions and information during the installation process or before using them for the first time  and will only access these functions if you agree to a release. Depending on your operating system  you can manually revoke access rights in the settings. You can find out how this works in the manufacturer’s instructions for your mobile OS. Please note  however  that you will only be able to use the app to a limited extent  or not at all  without the appropriate permissions. When you first use the corresponding functions  the following permissions are requested for the following purpose: PermissionPurpose CameraTaking photos for profilePhoto librarySelect photos for profileLocation determinationDetermination of the training location  statistical evaluationDelivery Push MessagesReceiving push messagesMobile data/WLANInternet usage and loading of new content Contact form You have the possibility to contact us via our e-mail address. We will  of course  only use the personal data transmitted to us in this way for the purpose for which you provided it when contacting us. Newsletter You can register for our newsletter if you would like to receive regular news or information on selected topics and products. For the registration  we need your valid e-mail address. To make sure that you actually want to receive information from us  we use the so-called double opt-in procedure. Once you have registered  you will receive an e-mail with a link to activate the newsletter service. Of course  you have the possibility to unsubscribe from the newsletter at any time and to revoke your consent for the future. To do this  please click on the corresponding button in the newsletter you have received or contact us with the contact details provided. Cookies and Countpixel In order to improve our website and to make it as optimal as possible for you to use it  we use cookies. Cookies are small text files that are stored on your computer when you visit our website and enable your browser to be reassigned. Cookies store information such as your language settings  the duration of your visit to our website or the information you enter there. This avoids having to re-enter all necessary data each time you use our website. Cookies also enable us to recognize your preferences and to tailor our website to your areas of interest. Most browsers automatically accept cookies. If you want to prevent cookies from being saved  you can select „do not accept cookies“ in the browser settings. You can find out how this works in detail from the instructions of your browser manufacturer. You can delete cookies that are already stored on your computer at any time. However  we would like to point out that our website can only be used to a limited extent without cookies. Google Fonts On this website  we use the offer of Google Fonts. This allows us to offer you a larger selection of fonts for a visually appealing website. When you visit our website  Google receives information about which page or subpage of our website you have visited. In addition  data about your browser and the page you have visited will be transmitted to Google. Further information on the purpose and scope of data collection and processing by Google can be found here . Google Analytics In accordance with the agreement between Google and the Hamburg Representative for Data Protection and Freedom of Information  Google Analytics may be used in accordance with data protection regulations and without objection under certain conditions. In particular  we would like to point out that Google Analytics on our website has been extended to include a corresponding „IP masking function“ in order to guarantee an anonymous collection of IP addresses. Please also note the following information about the use of Google Analytics: This website uses Google Analytics  a web analytics service provided by Google Inc. („Google“). Google Analytics uses so-called „cookies“. The information generated by the cookie about your use of this website will generally be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. However  by activating IP anonymization on this website  your IP address will be shortened by Google in advance within member states of the European Union or in other contracting states of the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases will the full IP address be transmitted to and truncated by Google on servers in the United States. On behalf of the operator of this website  Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website  compiling reports on website activity and providing other services to website operators relating to website activity and internet usage. The IP address transmitted by your browser as part of Google Analytics is not combined with other data from Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser  however  please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. You can also prevent Google from collecting the data generated by the cookie and related to your use of the website (including your IP address) and Google from processing this data by downloading and installing the browser plug-in available under this link . Further information can be found under this link or under this link the general information on Google Analytics and data protection. And further information can be found here . Google Tag Manager For reasons of transparency  we would like to point out that we use the Google Tag Manager. The Google Tag Manager does not collect any personally identifiable information. The Tag Manager makes it easier for us to integrate and manage our tags. Tags are small pieces of code used  among other things  to measure traffic and visitor behavior  measure the impact of online advertising and social channels  set up targeting  and test and optimize websites. If you have made an opt-out  the Google Tag Manager will take that opt-out into account. For more information about the Google Tag Manager  click here . Google AdWords To draw attention to our services  we place ads on Google AdWords. These are displayed on Google after search queries. With the help of cookies  we register how many users have found us via one of our ads. The resulting anonymous statistics enable us to optimize our ads. The cookies are stored by Google when you click on an advertisement and can be prevented via the settings of your browser. In this case  your visit to our website is not included in the anonymous user statistics. Further information can be found in the Google website statistics. AppsFlyer The BestFit App uses AppsFlyer  an analysis service of AppsFlyer Ltd. The information generated by the AppsFlyer about the use of the BestFit App is usually transferred to a server outside Germany and stored there. In the code of the BestFit app we have activated IP anonymization so that the IP address of the user is shortened before it is stored by AppsFlyer Ltd. On our behalf  Google and AppsFlyer Ltd. will use the anonymous information to evaluate the use of the BestFit App  and to compile reports for us about your activities in the BestFit App. In the privacy settings of your device  you can further restrict the way Google Analytics and AppsFlyer work. You can also send an email to privacy@appsflyer.com if you don’t want to allow AppsFlyer. For more information about Google’s privacy policy  click here .  Data transfer to third parties A transfer of your data to third parties does not take place unless we are legally obliged to do so  or the data transfer is necessary for the execution of the contractual relationship or you have previously expressly consented to the transfer of your data. External service providers and partner companies receive your data only to the extent necessary to provide the service you have purchased. In these cases  however  the amount of data transmitted is limited to the minimum required. Insofar as our service providers come into contact with your personal data  we ensure that they comply with the provisions of the data protection laws in the same way. Please also note the respective data protection information of the providers. The respective service provider is responsible for the content of external services  whereby we check the compliance of the services with the legal requirements within the scope of reasonableness. Data security We have taken extensive technical and operational precautions to protect your data from accidental or intentional manipulation  loss  destruction or access by unauthorized persons. Our security procedures are regularly reviewed and adapted to technological progress. Links to other websites Our websites may contain links to websites of other providers. We would like to point out that this data protection declaration applies exclusively to the BestFit websites. We have no influence on it and do not control that other providers comply with the applicable data protection regulations. Changes to the Privacy Policy We reserve the right to change or adapt this privacy policy at any time in accordance with applicable data protection regulations. In each case  the version valid at the time of the call applies. Information/revocation/deletion and responsible authority Due to the legal regulations  you can contact us free of charge with questions to the collection  processing or use of your personal data and their correction  blockage  deletion or revocation of a given consent. We will respond to all reasonable requests free of charge and as soon as possible in accordance with applicable law. In addition  we would like to point out that you have the right to correct incorrect data or delete personal data if there is no legal obligation to retain it. For information and revocation please contact the provider at info@bestfit.app  who will then provide the information immediately. These data usage regulations and data protection declaration are continuously adapted in the course of the further development of the Internet. Changes will be announced on this page in good time. This page should be called up regularly in order to obtain information on the current status of our data usage regulations. About Blog FAQ Community Facebook Instagram Twitter Legal Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Legal Notice