                 Toggle navigation    GET A QUOTE      0   GET A QUOTE   0   Indoor Bikes   BODY BIKE SMART®+  BODY BIKE SMART®+ SWITCH  BODY BIKE SMART®+ OCEANIX  BODY BIKE SMART®  BODY BIKE® SUPREME  BODY BIKE® CONNECT  BODY BIKE® CLASSIC & CLASSIC SS  BODY BIKE® DESIGN COVER    BODY BIKE APP   General features  Achievement system  HOW TO CONNECT    About  RIDE HIGH MAGAZINE  Get a quote  Accessories   Comfort collection    News  Explore  SUPPORT  Distributors  Distributor Zone     Privacy Policy  Privacy Policy for BODY BIKE®      Home / BODY BIKE Privacy Policy      Introduction:  At Body Bike International A/S  we strive to offer you the best possible service  while we under every circumstance respect your right to privacy and to have your personal information processed in a legal  transparent and professional manner.  Below is our external privacy policy in accordance with the handling of your personal data which you  by accepting our terms of trade  indicate that you have read and fully understand.  Body Bike International A/S as data controller  Body Bike International A / S is responsible for the processing of the personal data we have received about you. This means that we are responsible for ensuring that the processing and security of your information is done in a reassuring way.  You will find our contact information below:  Body Bike International A/S  Niels Bohrs Vej 2  9900 Frederikshavn  Denmark  CVR nr. 25 77 04 12  Tel. 98 43 96 96  Mail address: info@body-bike.com  The Purposes and legal basis for the processing of your personal data  We process your personal information for the following purposes:  - To communicate with you and the company that you may represent in connection with processing and responding to your requests  queries etc.  - To provide services and products in accordance with our agreement with you.  - To prevent or detect fraud.  - To meet the demands of the police and regulators.  - To comply with current legislation regarding accounting  bookkeeping and money laundering.  - To perform marketing  product and customer analysis in order to improve our products and optimize the customer experience.  The legal basis for our processing of your personal data is based on your express consent in connection with the acceptance of our terms of trade.  It also follows from the Personal Data Regulation (Regulation 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council) that can also happen if:   Processing is necessary for the fulfillment of a contract to which you  as a registered party  or for the implementation of measures taken at your request prior to the conclusion of a contract. - This applies in cases where you  as a customer  contact us with the intention to enter into a later purchase agreement. In order to fulfill our part of the agreement  we need to use the information you provide us with the purchase. The same is also the case where you use the function GET A QUOTE on our website.  Processing is necessary to comply with a legal obligation  which is the responsibility of the data controller. - Where required by law  we may be required to collect and process your information. For example  we may be required to disclose information to authorities about people suspected of fraud or other criminal activity.  Processing is necessary for the data controller or a third party to pursue a legitimate interest. - At Body Bike International A/S  we have a legitimate interest in improving the use of our website and our other services so that we can offer you the best possible product. This means that  in addition to the information you provide us with  we process information on eg. IP address activity on our website. This is done for the purpose of advertising and product development.  What information about you do we process?  We process different information about you  depending on which of our services you use. Depending on your query  we may collect and process the following information:  - Your name  - Your gender  - Your contact information  including your billing and delivery address  your phone numbers  and your email address  - Your online activities on our website  including which of our subpages you visit  which website directed you to ours  and which products you are looking at  - Your purchases and orders made on our site  - Your correspondence with us  At Body Bike International A/S we only process the information we receive from you. This means that none of the information we process has the nature of personal sensitive information  as it is not relevant to the purpose of the processing  as stated above.  Recipients or categories of recipients  In order to ensure the best possible service wherever you are in the world  as part of our business  we collaborate with a wide range of trusted distributors worldwide.  Therefore  as part of the service provided  we reserve the right to pass on your information to our distributors for further processing so that you can obtain the optimal product.  Our distributors are only entitled to process your information in accordance with the purposes set out in our agreement with them.  In the event that our collaboration with a given distributor terminates  your information will either be deleted or anonymized.  In addition to our distributors  we may also disclose your personal data to the following categories of recipients  as appropriate:  - Data processors  such as IT vendors as part of the operation of our website and systems.  - Our other partners in the form of suppliers and subcontractors.  - Providers of marketing services based on cookies.  - Accountants  attorneys and other advisors.  - Public authorities  where it follows the legislation  cf. previous section on the legal basis for our treatment.  Transfer to recipients in third countries  In order to provide the best possible service  depending on where in the world you are located  it may be necessary to transfer your personal data to our distributors outside the EU and the EEA.  If this is the case  through technical and organizational measures  we will ensure that such transfer meets the requirements for the protection of your personal data under the Personal Data Regulation.  Specifically  it is our distributors in the following countries:  - Serbia  - Switzerland   - Australia  - USA  - Russia  - Dubai  - Taiwan  - Brazil  - India  - Israel  - Kazakhstan   - Lebanon  We can state about the above countries that Switzerland and Israel  respectively  are to be considered as safe third countries  as the European Commission has determined that these countries have a sufficient level of protection.  As regards the transfer of personal data to third countries for which the EU Commission has not decided on an adequate level of protection  these transfers are based on the EU Commission's standard contracts for the transfer of personal data between an EU/EEA data controller and a non-EU/EEA data processor.  You can always find an overview of our distributors on our website. The list will be continuously updated.  How is your information stored?  We will only keep your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes set out in the section above. After that  your personal information will either be deleted or anonymized in a reassuring way. As a starting point  we store your personal data for up to 3 years after our cooperation with you has ceased.  However  some of your personal information is required by law to be stored for an extended period of time.  This is specifically about accounting information (among other things  invoices  receivables  correspondences  payment information and similar information needed to document our records). This information will be kept for 5 years according to the rules of the Accounting Act from the end of the financial year concerned.  The right to withdraw consent  You have the right at any time to withdraw your consent to our processing of your information. This means that in cases where our treatment is solely based on your express consent  we are obliged to discontinue treatment promptly.  Your rights  You have a number of rights under our Data Protection Regulation in relation to our processing of information about you. If you want to exercise your rights  contact us.  Right to view information (right of access)  - You have the right to gain access to the information we process about you  as well as additional information.  Right to correction (Correction)  - You have the right to have incorrect information about yourself corrected.  Right to deletion  - In special cases  you have the right to have information deleted about you before the time of our regular general deletion.  Right to limit processing  - You have the right  in certain cases  to have the processing of your personal data restricted. In the future  if you have the right to have limited treatment  we may only process the information - other than storage - with your consent  or for the purpose of establishing  asserting or defending legal claims  or to protect a person or important public interest.  Right to object  - In some cases  you have the right to object to our or lawful processing of your personal data. You can also object to the processing of your information for direct marketing.  Right to transmit information (data portability)  - In some cases  you have the right to receive your personal data in a structured  commonly used and machine-readable format and to transfer this personal data from one data controller to another without hindrance.  Cookies  When you use our various websites  you will automatically have cookies placed in your browser. We use these cookies to improve your experience on the website. You can always block or delete cookies. However  this may cause the website not to work optimally.  We also use Google Analytics for statistical analysis of our website. In this context  personal data is transferred to Google Analytics in the United States on the basis of a Privacy Shield certification  which you can read more about here:  https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt000000001L5AAI&status=Ac tive  Complaint to the Data Inspectorate  You have the right to file a complaint with the Danish Data Protection Agency if you are dissatisfied with the way we process your personal data.  The Data Inspectorate's contact information is:  Address: Borgergade 28  5.  1300 København  E-mail: dt@datatilsynet.dk  Telephone: +45 33 19 32 00  Website: www.datatilsynet.dk  Changes to our Privacy Policy  This privacy policy will be updated on an ongoing basis  including as a result of changes to data protection laws. In the event of significant changes  these will appear on our website.  This Privacy Policy was last updated November 2019.    Privacy Policy for BODY BIKE® Indoor Cycling app  BODY BIKE is strongly committed to protecting the privacy of our users and we do not collect or share personal information entered into the mobile application. This is a first and very important condition to safeguard your privacy. If personal information isn’t collected  it can’t be stolen  demanded  leaked or exposed.  We do provide you with the opportunity of sharing your data via Strava in which you will have to create an account. The privacy policy and terms of Strava applies to this.   Terms & Conditions for BODY BIKE® Indoor Cycling app  Please read the terms and conditions of this end user license agreement (“EULA”) carefully before downloading  installing or using the mobile app provided to you by BODY BIKE International. This is a legal agreement between you and BODY BIKE. This agreement and the BODY BIKE Privacy Policy govern your access to and use of the mobile application.  By downloading  installing or using the app you acknowledge and agree that:   Your use of the app is solely at your own risk;  The app is licensed  not sold to you and you may use the app only as set forth in this EULA;  The app is provided on a “AS IS” basis meaning that the information  services and content in the app is provided to you “as is” and without warranty. BODY BIKE and our employees  agents  partners and licensors hereby disclaim all warranties with regard to such information  services and content including  without limitation  all implied warranties. BODY BIKE and our employees  agents  partners and licensors make no warranty that 1) The service will meet your requirements; 2) the service will be uninterrupted  timely  secure or error-free; 3) the results that may be obtained from the use of the service will be accurate or reliable; 4) the quality of any service or information obtained by you through the service will meet your expectations; and 5) any errors in the application will be corrected. Additionally  BODY BIKE and our employees  agents  partners and licensors take no responsibility for loss of recorded training data;  Your physical activities associated with the services provided by our app carry certain significant risks of property damage  bodily injury or death  and that BODY BIKE and our employees  agents  partners and licensors do not assume responsibility for any known or unknown risks associated with these activities;  By downloading  installing and using the app  you agree to follow and be bound by the Terms  which may be updated by BODY BIKE from time to time without notice to you. BODY BIKE may make improvements and/or changes in the application at any time without notice;  BODY BIKE provides you with a mobile application that records your workout data. This data will be stored in your phone  not to be collected and shared by BODY BIKE or any third party unless authorized by the user;  Any action related to our mobile application and the Content or these Terms shall be governed by Danish federal law.       NAVIGATION Home  About  Indoor Bikes  Accessories  Distributors  News  Explore  Support SUPPORT Distributor login  Answer to your questions  Contact: Head Office Denmark  Contact: BB Asia Ltd. LEGAL Privacy Policy  Cookies  SUPPORT       FREE e-magazine dedicated to the topic of indoor cycling. Join us for free!   I have read and agree to the Privacy Policy Leave this field empty if you're human:    BODY BIKE® International 2017  All rights reserved.     We use cookies to personalize and enhance your experience on our site. To continue to use the site  you accept the use of cookies. Visit our Privacy Policy for more information on our data collection practices.  Cookie settings ACCEPT Privacy & Cookies Policy    Privacy Overview   This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies  the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.     Privacy Overview This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies  the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.   Necessary  Always Enabled Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.   Non-necessary    Non-necessary  Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics  ads  other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.         