    SHOP    EXPERTISE    PAIN    BACK PAIN    BACK PAIN EXERCISES  HEEL SPUR    HEEL SPUR EXERCISES  CALF PAIN    LOOSEN HARDENED CALVES  CHEST PAIN AND THORAX PAIN    EXERCISES AGAINST CHEST PAIN  HERNIATED-DISC    HERNIATED DISC EXERCISES  HIP PAIN    HIP PAIN EXERCISES  IMPINGEMENT SYNDROME    IMPINGEMENT SYNDROME EXERCISES  LUMBAGO    LUMBAGO EXERECISES  NECK PAIN    NECK PAIN EXERCISES  KNEE PAIN    EXERCISES FOR KNEE PAIN  RUNNER'S KNEE ITBS    EXERCISES FOR RUNNER'S KNEE  SHOULDER PAIN    SHOULDER PAIN EXERCISES  THORACIC SPINE SYNDROME    EXERCISES FOR THE THORACIC SPINE    SPORTS    RUNNING    STRENGTH TRAINING    WARM UP    RECOVERY  HIKING    STRENGTH TRAINING    WARM UP    RECOVERY    KNEE PAIN  CYCLING    STRENGTH TRAINING    WARM UP    RECOVERY    SIJ BLOCKAGE    EXERCISES    REGENERATION    FUNCTIONAL  ATHLETES    KNOWLEDGE  ABOUT US    EN    DE      SHOP    EXPERTISE    PAIN    BACK PAIN    BACK PAIN EXERCISES  HEEL SPUR    HEEL SPUR EXERCISES  CALF PAIN    LOOSEN HARDENED CALVES  CHEST PAIN AND THORAX PAIN    EXERCISES AGAINST CHEST PAIN  HERNIATED-DISC    HERNIATED DISC EXERCISES  HIP PAIN    HIP PAIN EXERCISES  IMPINGEMENT SYNDROME    IMPINGEMENT SYNDROME EXERCISES  LUMBAGO    LUMBAGO EXERECISES  NECK PAIN    NECK PAIN EXERCISES  KNEE PAIN    EXERCISES FOR KNEE PAIN  RUNNER'S KNEE ITBS    EXERCISES FOR RUNNER'S KNEE  SHOULDER PAIN    SHOULDER PAIN EXERCISES  THORACIC SPINE SYNDROME    EXERCISES FOR THE THORACIC SPINE    SPORTS    RUNNING    STRENGTH TRAINING    WARM UP    RECOVERY  HIKING    STRENGTH TRAINING    WARM UP    RECOVERY    KNEE PAIN  CYCLING    STRENGTH TRAINING    WARM UP    RECOVERY    SIJ BLOCKAGE    EXERCISES    REGENERATION    FUNCTIONAL  ATHLETES    KNOWLEDGE   ABOUT US    EN    DE      HAUPTMENÜ     Home  ›  Privacy Policy for the BLACKROLL App  ›  Eintrag bearbeiten    PRIVACY POLICY FOR THE BLACKROLL APP  Thank you for downloading our mobile BLACKROLL App (hereinafter referred to as the “ App ”) from the Apple and Google app stores. Welcome to this App and thanks again for your interest in our company and products. Protecting your privacy while you use our App is important to us.  We would like to inform you about the processing of your personal data and your rights as the individual concerned (“data subject”) in connection with your use of our App. We  i.e.   BLACKROLL AG  Hauptstraße 17 CH-8598 Bottighofen Switzerland  Telephone:+41 (0)715085779 E-mail: datenschutz@blackroll.com   ( Legal notice )  (hereinafter referred to as “ we ” or “ BLACKROLL ”)  as the controller under data protection law and  simultaneously  the service provider  would like to provide you with the following information.  Your personal data will only be processed in accordance with the provisions of the Swiss data protection laws  taking the data protection laws of the European Union into account  in particular  the European General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)  and other statutory data protection provisions.  This Privacy Policy only refers to our App. It does not refer to our web shop (available at shop.blackroll.com ) or other websites operated by us. Furthermore  it does not refer to any websites operated by third parties to which links from our App may point  including  but not limited to web shops of distributors of BLACKROLL products. We  therefore  ask you to read the privacy policy of that other website  if any. In some cases  we may provide other  additional privacy policy documents to you when we contact you or process your information  as the case may be  which you should also read  if applicable.  Overview   1.Data requiring protection  categories and sources of data  2.Purposes and legal grounds for data processing  3.App download  4.Usage data  5.Non-cookie tracking technologies  6.Using the App  workout  and user account  7.Google Firebase  8.Newsletter  9.Login via Facebook and Google (Social Login)  10.Authorizations within the mobile device / push messages  11.Recipients of personal data  12.Data processing in third countries  13.Security  14.Storage period  15.Your rights  16.Your questions on data protection  17.Modifications  ￼  Data requiring protection  categories and sources of data   The subject matter of this Privacy Policy is your personal data. The term “personal data” covers any piece of information that refers to an identified or identifiable natural person (“data subject”). Consequently  your personal data comprises any piece of information that allow us or third-parties to identify you  such as your name  address  phone number  or your email account.  Generally  we process the following categories of personal data in connection with your identity:  Master data   in particular  family name  first name  gender. Contact data   in particular  postal address  phone number  and e-mail. Information on personal interests   in particular  data that you provide to us within the scope of the Terms of Use  e.g.  on sports disciplines  points of pain  etc. Usage data   in particular  the pages/screens of our App that you open  access times  and your IP address. Workout data   in particular  information on the type  date/time  and duration of your workout using the App. Within the scope of our contract relationship  you need to provide such personal data that is required for performing the duties from the Terms of Use and for compliance with statutory duties. We will inform you in an appropriate manner as to which data is concerned in your particular case (e.g.  by highlighting mandatory fields in forms).  In these cases  your personal data is data that you provided voluntarily  in particular  data you entered  and data gathered from your use of our App.  Purposes and legal grounds for data processing   We will process your data only for a particular purpose and only to the extent permissible under an applicable statutory provision. We will process your data for the following purposes  based on the following legal grounds:  Consent : We will process certain types of data solely based on your consent that you granted prior to such use and voluntarily. You may withdraw your consent at any time with effect for the future (see Art. 15 below). Contract performance and/or steps prior to entering a contract : Including  but not limited to the performance and management of the contract concluded between you and us subject to the Terms of Use. Compliance with a legal obligation : In addition  we process your personal data for meeting statutory duties  such as retention duties under commercial and/or tax law. Safeguarding legitimate interests : We will process certain types of data to safeguard our legitimate interests  e.g.  for making this App available and for operating it. Please refer to Art. 15  if you wish to find out how to object to such data processing and subject to which conditions we are required to discontinue and/or to restrict data processing.  Please note that this is not a complete or conclusive enumeration of the potential legal grounds  but that these are only some examples intended to make the legal framework for data protection more transparent. For further information on the legal grounds for the various types of processing in our App  please read the explanations in the Articles below.  Since our headquarters is located in Switzerland and our App is operated from Switzerland  the collection  processing  and use of your personal data generally occurs in Switzerland  unless otherwise provided in this Privacy Policy. Specifically  we collect  process  and use your personal data in the following cases described in the Articles below.  App download   When downloading our App  the necessary information will be transmitted to the corresponding app store. This includes  in particular  the user name  e-mail account  date and time of download  and the unique device ID. However  this data collection is beyond our control  since it is handled by the operator of the corresponding app store. This data will not be stored on our servers in any other manner.  In connection herewith  please also refer to the relevant privacy policies of the app store operators:  For the iOS App Store: Apple Inc.  1 Infinite Loop  Cupertino  CA 95014  USA  retrievable from www.apple.com/de/privacy/privacy-policy/   and For the Google Play Store: Google Ireland Limited  Gordon House  Barrow Street  Dublin 4  Ireland  retrievable from policies.google.com/privacy?hl=de . Usage data   Generally  you may browse our App without disclosing any personal data. However  when you browse our App  the following information may be stored about your access and use:  IP address of the requesting mobile device  Screens/videos retrieved  HTTP response status code  if applicable  The previous screen and/or the linked screen/page that you had accessed before (referrer/target URL)  Date  time  duration  and time zone of the server request  and/or interaction (e.g.  initial/last opening/closing of the App  last login  screens/videos watched  start/end of a workout  click on a call-to-action button)  browser type and version  operating system of the requesting mobile device  App uninstall/update operations Your device model  international mobile equipment identity code (IMEI)  name of mobile device  mobile device ID. We will process this usage data based on our legitimate interests for the purpose of providing this App  for ensuring the technical operation  for recording the consent granted by you  and for the security of our IT systems. We pursue the interest of making our App available for use  of ensuring its functionality  and of maintaining the latter on a permanent basis. This data will be automatically processed when you access our App. You will not be able to use our App without sharing this information. In no event we will not use this data for the purpose of drawing conclusions regarding your identity.  You may not object to the processing of your usage data  because this data is mandatorily required for a trouble-free operation of the App. The App cannot be used without processing this information.  Non-cookie tracking technologies   We use tracking technologies similar to cookies in order to enable the best possible App design. Among other things  these technologies allow us to provide certain functionality to make navigation easier and ensure a high degree of user-friendliness.  Non-cookie tracking technologies are based on identifiers which allow our web servers to recognize your mobile device  e.g.  in order to determine whether your mobile device has communicated with us before. This way  they serve the purpose of enabling you to use our App  of making the use of our App more convenient for you  and of optimizing our service offering. The provisions below include detailed information on the type  function  purposes  and  if applicable  third party suppliers deployed in the use of non-cookie tracking technologies. The legal basis for the use of non-cookie tracking technologies is your consent that you grant when you first open the App.  You may revoke this consent at any time by preventing the storage of data using non-cookie tracking technologies by making the relevant settings in the App. In this case  you should disable the function “Allow non-cookie tracking technologies and usage analysis” in the menu “Settings > Privacy”.   Using the App  workout  and user account   Generally  you do not need to register to use the App. However  certain parts of our service offering in the App will not be available to you until you create a user account as a registered user.  Use without user account   In addition to the usage data listed in Art. 4  we will process your workout data  the country/language you selected  information on the consents granted by you  and the Terms of Use confirmed by you. We use this information (including in connection with non-cookie tracking technologies) in order to display customized recommendations and information on your workout program and matching BLACKROLL products and services to you via push messages and/or in-app messages. Push messages require an authorization via your device (see Art. 10 below). However  if you are not logged in as a registered user  we will not use this information to draw conclusions regarding your identity. In connection herewith  your data will also be used within the scope of the Google Firebase service (see Art. 7 below).  Without this type of processing  we are unable to provide the App in accordance with our Terms of Use. Processing for usage analysis and the use of non-cookie tracking technologies will only occur based on the consent that you granted for this purpose.  You should disable the function “Allow non-cookie tracking technologies and usage analysis” in the menu “Settings > Privacy”  if you wish to revoke your consent in this regard.   Use with user account (registered user)   Certain portions of the App’s service offering require a registration and/or login. The information to be entered in the fields that are marked as mandatory fields is required for compliance with the Terms of Use on our part. We will set up a password-protected App access for any user who properly registers him-/herself in order to allow access to his/her master/contact data  data on personal interests  and workout data stored on our servers (hereinafter referred to as the “User Account”). This is where you can look up data on your completed and recently performed exercises and manage your master/contact data. The legal basis for processing your personal data is  in particular  your consent that is a prerequisite for creating a user account. Your consent also applies to so-called sensitive data (e.g.  information on your health).  In connection herewith  we will process the following information:  family name  first name  gender  e-mail account  password (encrypted)  information on personal interests (e.g.  details on sports disciplines  points of pain  body parts  and BLACKROLL products used)  workout data (e.g.  type of exercises done  workout category  data/time/duration of workout  selected filters). We use this information in order to provide our App to you and to analyze  optimize  and customize our App’s usage by means of Google Firebase. To this end  we may also create usage profiles  in order to provide you with an enhanced workout program  and to display recommendations and information on your workout program and on matching BLACKROLL products and services via push messages and/or in-app messages. We reserve the right to combine this information with other of your customer data that is stored by BLACKROLL (e.g.  in connection with orders from the web shop). The reach and purpose are specified in the consent form by which you granted your consent.  You grant your consent on a voluntary basis and may revoke the same at any time  in whole or in part  with effect for the future without giving reasons  e.g.  by e-mail to datenschutz @blackroll.com . Please note  however  that we may be obligated to delete your user account in this case for legal reasons and that you would only be able to use the remaining part of our service offering that is accessible without user account.  We will not disclose your personal data to third parties. Not even distributors of BLACKROLL products will receive personal data from us  but they may obtain it directly from you when you browse their website  or place order in their web shops. Push messages require your prior authorization by making the corresponding settings in your device (see Art. 10 below).  You may delete your user account and the related data at any time via the function “Delete user account” in the menu “Settings > Privacy”.  Google Firebase   This App uses Google Firebase  a service provided by Google Ireland Limited  Gordon House  Barrow Street  Dublin 4  Ireland (“Google”). Google Firebase uses non-cookie tracking technologies  i.e.  identifiers which allow Google servers to recognize your mobile device  e.g.  in order to determine whether your mobile device has communicated with us before. Generally  the information generated this way on your use of our App (including your IP address and the other types of usage data listed in Art. 4  workout data  and  if applicable  data on your user account) will be transmitted to a Google server in the U.S. and stored on that server. The Google parent entity Google LLC has been certified under the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield and  thus  offers a guaranty that the European data protection law (see www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt000000001L5AAI will be complied with.  Within the scope of functions and purposes described below  Google will engage in activities on our behalf under a Commissioned Processing Agreement as instructed by us:  to provide our App and enable key functionality (e.g.  performance and storage of workouts)  to allow the use of the user account (see details in Art. 6  lit. b. above)  to ensure the stability of our App and allow trouble-shooting upon crashes  to provide push messages and in-app messages (see details in Art. 10 below)  to evaluate and analyze the usage of our App and to compile reports on App activities. The legal basis for all activities listed above is that they are a prerequisite for performing the agreement  since the processing of the transmitted data is required for performing our duties under the Terms of Use agreed upon by you and us. In addition  we process data based on our legitimate interests in the economically sound/trouble-free operation and optimization (in particular  user-friendliness) of our App and in providing premium services which may be used at the user’s option.  Processing for usage analysis and the use of non-cookie tracking technologies will only occur based on the consent that you granted for this purpose. You may revoke this consent at any time by preventing the usage analysis by Google Firebase by making the relevant settings in the App. In this case  you should disable the function “Allow non-cookie tracking technologies and usage analysis” in the menu “Settings > Privacy”.   Within the scope of this usage analysis  Google will also estimate from which country you access the App  your age  and your gender.  For further information on the use of data by Google and on data protection in connection with Google Firebase please click on the following links:  policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites?hl=de (“How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services“)  policies.google.com/privacy?hl=de (“Google Privacy Policy”)  firebase.google.com . Newsletter   The newsletter is mailed using the so-called double opt-in procedure  i.e.  we will not send you a newsletter by email  unless you have expressly confirmed that you wish us to activate the newsletter service. We will then send you an email confirmation and ask you to confirm by clicking on the link contained in that e-mail that you wish to receive our newsletter. Upon completion of this separate double opt-in procedure  you have granted your consent to receiving the newsletter.  In the event the newsletter is subscribed to from within a user account  we may omit the renewed double opt-in  since your e-mail account was verified by a confirmation link during the activation of your customer account. In this case  a simple opt-in (by clicking a check box) in the user account is sufficient.  Within the meaning of this Art. 8  we will not send you newsletters without your prior registration  i.e.  based on your consent. In the event that the content of a newsletter is accurately described during the registration process  this information will govern the reach of your consent. Apart from this  our newsletters include information on our products  offers  promotional campaigns  events  and our business.  In the event you should decide at a later date that you do not wish to receive our newsletter any more  you may revoke your consent at any time. A notice in text form (e.g.  e-mail  letter) directed to the address in the contact data set forth in in Art. 16 or to datenschutz @blackroll.com shall suffice. Of course  you will find an unsubscribe link in every newsletter.  The newsletter is mailed using MailChimp  a newsletter mailing platform operated by the U.S. provider Rocket Science Group LLC  675 Ponce De Leon Ave NE #5000  Atlanta  GA 30308  U.S. In this context  data will be processed on our behalf subject to a Data Processing Agreement (Auftragsverarbeitungsvertrag) that we have concluded with MailChimp. In that agreement  MailChimp agrees to protect the personal data of our users  to process it only on our behalf  and  in particular  not to disclose it to any third party  The email accounts of our newsletter recipients and any other data referred to in this Privacy Policy will be stored on the U.S. based servers of MailChimp. MailChimp will use this information for mailing and analyzing the newsletters on our behalf. Furthermore  according to MailChimp  it may use this data to optimize or improve its own services  e.g.  for technical optimization of newsletter mailings  the appearance of the newsletter  or for economic purposes in order to determine in which countries the recipients are based. However  MailChimp will neither use the data of our newsletter recipients to contact them on its own behalf nor disclose this data to third parties.  We trust in the reliability  IT security  and data protection of MailChimp. MailChimp has been certified in accordance with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield and  thus  promises to comply with the EU data protection requirements (see www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt0000000TO6hAAG .  To review the privacy policy of MailChimp please go to: mailchimp.com/legal/privacy/ . In addition  MailChimp uses the Google Analytics tool and may integrate it into the newsletters. For further information on Google Analytics please refer to the relevant section of our website’s general Privacy Policy: www.blackroll.com/de/datenschutzerklaerung .  We would like to draw your attention to the fact that following the mailing of the newsletter your user behavior regarding our newsletter will be analyzed on our behalf. This analysis is based on so-called web beacons  also known as tracking pixels  that are included in the e-mail messages  and links encoded using this technology. Web beacons are one-pixel image files that are linked with our website and  thus  allow us – in combination with encoded links  to analyze your user behavior with regard to our newsletter (so-called open and/or click tracking). This is achieved by collecting technical information  e.g.  on your browser  your system  your IP address  and the time of downloading the mail and/or the link via web beacons and encoded links  that is matched with your e-mail account and assigned a unique ID.  The so-called open tracking using web beacons is not possible  if you have disabled the display of images by default in your e-mail browser. However  in that case  the newsletter will not be fully displayed and you may not be able to use all of its features. If you allow the display of images on a case by case basis  this will trigger the tracking described above. The only way to prevent the so-called click tracking is not to click on the links in the corresponding e-mail.   Login via Facebook and Google (Social Login)   Optionally  you may use a so-called social login  i.e.  you use your existing Facebook profile (hereinafter referred to as “Facebook Login”) or our Google account (hereinafter referred to as “Google Sign-in”)  to register within the App.  Facebook Login is operated by Facebook Ireland Limited  4 Grand Canal Square  Dublin 2  Ireland (“Facebook”). Google Ireland Limited  Gordon House  Barrow Street  Dublin 4  Ireland (“Google”). If you wish to use the Social Login  you will be redirected to Facebook or Google  as the case may be  during the login process. On the next screen  you will be asked to log in with your user name and password  unless you have already logged into Facebook or Google  respectively. Of course  BLACKROLL will not become aware of your login credentials.  In the next step  you will confirm the transmission of your data to BLACKROLL vis-à-vis Facebook or Google  as the case may be. When you use the Social Login  the following data will be transmitted from Facebook or Google  respectively  to BLACKROLL: First name  family name  e-mail account  profile picture  user ID  access token.  BLACKROLL will create your user account with the data received. There will be no other type of permanent link between your user account and your account with Facebook or Google  as the case may be. When you log into the App using the Facebook Login or your Google account  as the case may be  Facebook or Google  respectively  will generate a unique token (string consisting of letters and numbers) which will be stored and exchanged with Facebook or Google  respectively  during the login process for secure authentication. The legal basis for processing your personal data in this context is  in particular  that this is a prerequisite for performing the agreement  since the processing of the transmitted data is required for performing our duties under the Terms of Use agreed upon by you and us. Furthermore  your data will be processed based on our legitimate interest of allowing you the optional use of additional premium services.  The connection between our App and Facebook or Google  respectively  may be removed at any time. To this end  you need to delete the connection with the “BLACKROLL APP” in the profile settings of your Facebook/Google account. If you wish to continue to use the App as a registered user  you may need to create a new user account in the App afterwards.   Please refer to the privacy policies of Facebook or Google  respectively  for further information on the purpose and scope of data collection and the further processing and use of your data  and your corresponding rights and the available settings to protect your privacy:  Facebook Privacy Policy ( de-de.facebook.com/privacy/explanation ) and/or Google Privacy Policy ( policies.google.com/privacy?hl=de ) Unless you select the “Social Login” feature of the corresponding service provider in our App  no data will be transferred to the service provider. However  when you click on one of the buttons you leave our App; your data will be sent to the corresponding service provider  including when you are not a registered member of that community.  Authorizations within the mobile device / push messages   The App supports the display of messages (so-called push messages) on the start/home screen of your mobile device and within the App (so-called in-app messages) via the Firebase Cloud Messaging feature of the Google Firebase service (cf. Art. 7 above). Therefore  the App may ask you to grant the corresponding device authorizations. Granting the authorization is optional. However  if you wish to receive push messages  the authorization should to be granted  since otherwise you would not be able to use this function. We need this authorization in order to provide you with the requested services in accordance with our Terms of Use.  We use the Google Firebase technology (for further details please refer to Art. 7 of this Privacy Policy) in order to send you push messages or in-app messages. Your mobile device will be assigned a pseudonymized push reference number that also stores details on when and how long a certain push message or in-app-message  respectively  was read. This reference number serves as the target for push messages and/or in-app messages and will enable us to display push messages and/or in-app messages on your mobile device.  Your personal data will not be transmitted to distributors  including in those cases where push messages or in-app messages  respectively  contain third-party contents from distributors of BLACKROLL products.  The authorization will remain activated until you disable it in your mobile device. Push messages can be disabled and re-enabled at any time. For example  on an Android mobile device go to “System settings” > Apps > BLACKROLL App > authorizations“; on an iOS mobile device go to “System settings > BLACKROLL App > messages“.  Recipients of personal data   We will only pass on your personal data to external recipients if this is required for providing the App  if you have granted your consent  or on another kind of statutory authorization.  External recipients may include  but are not limited to:  Processors: This term refers to service providers that we use for providing services  e.g.  in the areas of technical infrastructure and maintenance of our App. We will carefully select such processors and audit them at regular intervals  in order to ensure that your privacy is safeguarded. They shall use the data exclusively for the purposes indicated by us and in accordance with our instructions. Provided that the statutory provisions are complied with  we have the right to retain such processors. Public entities: This term refers to public authorities  government institutions  and other public-law entities  e.g.  supervisory authorities  courts  public prosecutors  or fiscal authorities. Personal data will be transmitted to such public entities only for compelling statutory reasons. Private entities: Service providers and auxiliaries ( Hilfspersonen ) to whom data is transmitted for providing the App in compliance with a legal obligation  or for safeguarding legitimate interests  such as attorneys-at-law  tax advisors  or tax auditors. Data processing in third countries   Generally  we will not process your data outside Switzerland and the European Union (EU) or the European Economic Area (EEA). In the event that we should transmit your data to third countries outside the EU and/or the EEA in an individual case  we will ensure prior to passing on your data that this is either a legally permissible exception  or that the recipient either offers an adequate protection of personal data  or that you grant your consent to this data transmission. For example  an adequate protection of personal data is warranted by the recipient’s certification under the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield  the acceptance of EU Standard Contractual Clauses  or the existence of Binding Corporate Rules (BCR) by or at the recipient’s organization. Please contact us at datenschutz@blackroll.com   if you wish to receive a copy of the specific precautions regarding the transmission of your data to third countries. The EU Commission has passed a decision on the adequate protection of personal data provided in Switzerland ( eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/DE/TXT/HTML/?uri=CELEX:32000D0518 ).  Security   We take technical and organizational precautions to protect your personal data against coincidental or willful manipulation  loss  destruction  or access of unauthorized parties. Our data processing systems and our precautions and security measures will be continuously improved based on the then-current state of the art.  In particular  we will secure the transmission of any personal data transmitted in connection with your user account by data encryption. This applies to the registration as well as to the log-in.  We use the encryption protocol Transport Layer Security (TLS)  more commonly known by the name of its precursor Secure Sockets Layer (SSL).  Please note that we are unable to promise  in particular with regard to communication via the contact feature and e-mail  absolute data security. In particular  when confidential information is concerned  we recommend using a safe communication channel  e.g.  postal mail.  Our employees are bound to privacy protection rules and regulations.  Storage period   We will store your personal data only as long as required for meeting the purposes or – if a consent was granted – as long as you do not withdraw your consent. In the event of a withdrawal  we will no longer process your personal data  unless its continued processing is permitted in accordance with the applicable statutory provisions  or even compellingly required (e.g.  due to retention periods under commercial or tax law). We will also erase your personal data if we are obligated to do so subject statutory requirements.  For further details on the storage periods that apply to your personal data please refer to the above Articles.  Your rights   As a data subject  you have numerous rights. In particular  these are:  Right of access : You have the right to obtain access to the personal data stored about you. Right to rectification and erasure : You have the right to demand the rectification of inaccurate data and – if the statutory preconditions are met – the erasure of your data. Right to restriction of processing : In the event that the statutory preconditions are met  you may request that we restrict the processing of your data (e.g.  by means of blocking). Right to data portability : If you have provided data to us under a contract or based on a consent and if the statutory preconditions are met  you may demand to receive the information submitted by you in a structured and commonly used format  or that we transmit this information to another controller. Right to object to data processing based on legitimate interests : If reasons exist that are based on grounds relating to your particular situation  you may object at any time to the processing of personal data by us  to the extent that this is based on your legitimate interest. Should you exercise your right to object  we will discontinue the processing of your data  unless we are able to show that there are compelling reasons that permit the continued data processing and override your rights  or if data processing serves the purpose of enforcing  exercising  or defending rights. Withdrawal of consent : If you have granted your consent to the processing of your data you may withdraw this consent at any time with effect for the future without giving any reasons. The legitimacy of the processing of your data until the date of your withdrawal remains unaffected. Right to lodge complaints with the supervisory authority : Furthermore  you have the right to lodge a complaint with the competent supervisory authority  if you consider that the processing of your personal data violates the applicable statutory provisions  rules  and regulations. In particular  you may contact the data protection authority (DPA) at your habitual residence  your place of work  or the place of the alleged infringement  or the supervisory authority having competence at our place of business. If you should have any questions regarding the processing of your personal data  your rights as a data subject  any consents that you may have granted  please do not hesitate to contact us via any of the other communication channels specified in Art. 16. Please contact us directly if you wish to exercise any of your rights as a data subject.  Your questions on data protection   If you should have question on data protection or wish to exercise your rights as a data subject please contact us:  BLACKROLL AG Hauptstraße 17 CH-8598 Bottighofen Switzerland  fax: ... e-mail: datenschutz@blackroll.com   Modifications   From time to time it may become necessary to modify  review  or amend the content of this Privacy Policy. We  therefore  reserve the right to modify  review  or amend it at any time. We recommend you read the most current version of this Privacy Policy next time you browse or use our App. We will publish the revised version of this Privacy Policy in the same place.  Last revised: May 2019 (Version 1.0)  You may download this Privacy Policy in PDF format here in order to store it permanently and to print it  if necessary.     SERVICE   SHIPPING & DELIVERY  CANCELLATION TERMS  CONTACT  PRESS  ELECTRICAL AND BATTERY LAW B2B   PARTNER COUNTRIES   BLACKROLL FRANCE    Sign up for the Newsletter       IMPRINT  GTC  Privacy Policy   © 2020 BLACKROLL®.COM. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. BLACKROLL® AG. HAUPTSTRAßE 17. CH-8598 BOTTIGHOFEN. SWITZERLAND.    