About Social Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube Press Gift Blog Privacy Policy This Privacy Policy describes how OMG. I Can Meditate! Inc. and/or breethe.com (“Breethe”  “we”  or “us”) processes and collects information from the users of our program (“users”  or “you”). This Policy also explains what we do with the information we collect  and the choices you have concerning the collection and use of such information. We request that you read this Privacy Policy carefully. Please note that by using the Program (which includes any of our web sites  mobile apps  messaging apps or other such future technologies)  you consent to our practices as set forth in this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to any third-party websites  services or applications  even if they are accessible through our Program. This Privacy Policy is intended to meet global requirements  including those in North America  and the European General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). ‍ Introduction ‍ Users may be asked to provide certain personal information when they sign up for our Program including but not limited to e-mail address  billing information (such as a credit card details)  and the type of personal computer or mobile device being used to access the Program.  We also gather personal information from the ongoing use of the Program. The personal information collected is used primarily to improve your experience as you use our Program. ‍ Use of your information ‍ As is common practice among websites  we use “cookies” to provide an automatic login so that you do not have to re-enter your username and password each time. We send you e-mails pertaining to the use of the Program such as tips and information on new content that may become available. On occasion  we may send you promotional e-mails regarding this program that could be of interest to you. We use your personal and credit card information only for the purpose of completing purchase transactions and for recurring billing if you choose an auto-renewing subscription plan. We use information collected in the Program to serve content to you based on your progress and to recommend content. We may collect certain information automatically through our Program or other methods of web analysis  such as your IP address  cookie identifiers  mobile carrier  mobile advertising identifiers  MAC address  IMEI  Advertiser ID  Game Center ID  and other device identifiers that are automatically assigned to your computer or device when you access the Internet  browser type and language  geolocation information  hardware type  operating system  Internet service provider  pages that you visit before and after using the Program  the date and time of your visit  the amount of time you spend on each page  information about the links you click and pages you view within the Program  and other actions taken through use of the Program. ‍ How to Manage your Information ‍ At any time  you have the right to view  or ask us to delete  your personal information  or to delete your account in full by sending a request to privacy@breethe.com . You can unsubscribe from our email list at any time by clicking the link at the bottom of any email you receive from us. You can disable the use of cookies  the tracking of location data  and tracking of many of the specified identifiers in the settings sections of your browser(s) and device(s). Even if you choose to have your personal information deleted  in using the Program  we may still collect and use non-Personal  Anonymized or Aggregated Information regarding your activities on our Sites and/ or information from the advertisements on third party websites for non-interest based advertising purposes  such as to determine the effectiveness of the advertisements. ‍ Confidentiality ‍ Your personal information will never be licensed or sold to any third party. However  we engage third party service providers to work with us to administer and provide services related to the Program. These third-party services providers (“Processors”) have access to your personal information only for the purpose of performing services on our behalf. These Processors to whom we entrust personal information include service providers for IT services  payment processing  customer service activities  and other such services to help us optimize the Program. We ensure that all such Processors have Privacy Policies that prohibit them from using or sharing personal information except as necessary to perform the contracted services on our behalf  or to comply with legal requirements. ‍ Information Shared with Business Partners ‍ We may share personal information with certain of our business partners to provide you with a product or service that you have requested. We may also provide personal information to business partners with whom we may jointly offer products or services  or whose products or services we believe may be of interest to you. In such cases  our business partner’s name will appear  along with ours. We require our affiliates and business partners to agree in writing to maintain the confidentiality and security of personal information they maintain on our behalf. ‍ Affiliate Links ‍ Occasionally you may have clicked on one of our affiliate links and signed up or bought something via that link. In this case  the person or organization in charge of the affiliate link will have the information that you have submitted. This may be your email address  name  address  or whatever else they asked you. If you have signed up or bought something from us via an affiliate link  please check the privacy policy on their site. ‍ Third-Party Payment Processing ‍ When you make purchases through the Program  we process your payments through a third party application  such as the Apple App Store  Google Play App Store  Amazon App Store  or Braintree by Paypal. The third party application may collect certain financial information from you to process a payment on our behalf  including your name  email address  address and other billing information. ‍ Responses to e-mail inquiries ‍ When Users send email inquiries to us  the return email address is used to answer the email inquiry we receive. Unless this email address is the one used to create your account  our company does not use the return email address for any other purpose and does not share the return email address with any third party. ‍ Apple Health Kit and Google Fit ‍ At your option based on device settings you control  certain personal information may be exchanged with systems such as Apple’s Health Kit or Google Fit to improve the services we provide to you. Any information you have instructed us to share will become subject to the policies of the operators of such systems.We do not use or disclose to third parties user data or other information gained through the use of the Health Kit framework or Google Fit for advertising or any other data mining or similar purposes.We do not use any of the information obtained through Health Kit or Google Fit for any purpose other than to improve your experience using the app. ‍ Cookies & Beacons ‍ We may use “Cookies” to collect information. Cookies are small pieces of information stored by your browser on your computer’s hard drive  at a web site’s request. The Cookies we use do not contain any personal information  but are used primarily to keep track of temporary information. For example  Cookies allow us to remember you when you login to certain places on our site  to remember your country and language preferences  to help us understand the size of our audience and traffic patterns  to collect and record information about what you viewed on our Web site and what you viewed in our e-mail  to manage and present site information and the pictures displayed on your computer  and to deliver information specific to your interests. We may also place small “tracker gifs” or “beacons” on certain of the pages on our website  in online advertising with third parties  and in our email. We use these beacons  in connection with Cookies  to collect non-personal data on the usage of our site including but not limited to the date and time of the visit  the pages visited  the referring web page  the type of browser  the type of operating system  and the domain name of the visitor’s Internet service provider. This information is collected about thousands of site visits and analyzed as a whole. This information is useful in  for example  tracking the performance of our online advertising such as online banner ads and to determine where to place future advertising on other web sites. If you are uncomfortable with the collection of such information through the use of these tracking methods  we recommend disabling these features through your browser preferences  though please understand this will limit the performance and functionality of certain elements of the Program. Your browser documentation should provide specific procedures for disabling cookie and beacon support. You may stop or restrict the placement of cookies on your computer or remove them from your browser by adjusting your web browser preferences. Please note that cookie-based opt-outs are not effective on mobile applications. However  on many mobile devices  application users may opt out of certain mobile ads via their device settings. Do Not Track (“DNT”) is a privacy setting that users can set in certain web browsers to prevent the tracking of certain information about their visits.  We do not presently have the capability to track DNT signals. ‍ Public Posting ‍ Some parts of our site may enable you to participate in public services such as discussion boards  chats  live events  or to post to various social networks. Please use discretion when posting personal information about yourself when using these services. Be aware that when you disclose personal information at these sites  such as your name  member name  email address  etc.  the information may be collected and used by others to send unsolicited email. The services are open to the public  and what you post there can be seen by anyone and is not protected. In general post comments through our application as you would directly on these services. Sometimes  you may find other people’s comments to be offensive  harmful or inaccurate. ‍ Data Security ‍ We implement a variety of security measures to help protect your personal information. We have various internal control standards which relate specifically to the handling of personal information. These include certain controls to help safeguard the information we collect online. Our employees are trained to understand and comply with these controls and we communicate our Privacy Notice  practices and guidelines to our employees. However  while we strive to protect your personal information  you must also take steps to protect your information. We urge you to take every precaution to protect your personal information while you are on the Internet. We have security measures in place to protect the loss  misuse  and alteration of the information under our control. While we make every effort to ensure the integrity and security of our network and systems  we cannot guarantee that our security measures will prevent third-party “hackers” from illegally obtaining this information. ‍ Encryption & Security ‍ When you enter sensitive information within the Program  we encrypt this data using SSL or other similar technologies. However  we cannot guarantee the absolute security of any information as these technologies are not 100% secure.  Accordingly  we cannot accept liability for unintentional disclosure. ‍ Lawful Requests ‍ We may disclose your personally identifying information  and other data about you  if required to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to legal requirements or comply with a legal governmental request; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of our company; (c) enforce the Terms and Conditions; or (d) act in urgent circumstances to protect data security. ‍ Change of Control ‍ All of the information in our company would be transferred to a subsequent owner  co-owner or operator of the Program or applicable database; or in connection with a merger  consolidation  restructuring  the sale of substantially all of our interests and/or assets. The acquirer would have the responsibility to honor this privacy policy. ‍ Revisions to this Policy ‍ We reserve the right to revise  amend  or modify this policy  our Terms & Conditions   and our other policies and agreements at any time and in any manner  by updating this posting. Where to direct questions about our privacy policy… ‍ If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or the practices described herein  you may contact us at privacy@breethe.com . © 2020 Breethe. All Rights Reserved.