  Privacy Policy Daily Yoga Software Technology Co. Ltd. (DailyYoga.com) provides this Privacy Policy in order to demonstrate DailyYoga.com's firm commitment to your privacy and privacy-related concerns. This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason; each version will apply to information collected while it was in place. Time to time updates and modifications may be made available on DailyYoga.com and you are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes. The following sets forth DailyYoga.com's information gathering  use and dissemination practices. If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy or our use of your personally identifiable information  please contact us at Support@DailyYoga.com. DailyYoga.com does not collect personal information -- names  addresses  phone numbers  e-mail addresses  and specific location -- about you except when you specifically provide such information on a voluntary basis; for example  when you provide DailyYoga.com with information in connection with a web site registration. A Special Note About Children. Children are not eligible to use our services and we ask that minors do not submit any personal information to us. If you are a minor  you can use this service only in conjunction with your parents or guardians. If we become aware that a child under 13 has provided us with personal identifiable Information  we will delete such information from our files. We use your email address and  in rare situations your mailing address or phone number  to contact you regarding administrative notices from time to time. Information Collection and Use As a valued visitor to DailyYoga.com  we will occasionally contact you  typically by e-mail (or any other way you prefer) in order to notify you of special promotions  and up-to-date news  custom-tailored to your personal interests. Of course  if you do not wish to receive this personalized information  you can always let us know by e-mailing us at Support@DailyYoga.com  and we will happily abide by your wishes. DailyYoga.com uses your Internet Protocol (IP) address to help diagnose problems with our computer server  and to administer our web site. Your IP address is used to help identify you  and to gather broad demographic data. Your IP address contains no personal information about you. In order to ensure that all of your personal information is correct and up-to-date  at any time you may visit your personal profile via our yoga coaching application ‘Daily Yoga’. Through your personal profile you may: (a) review and update your personal information that DailyYoga.com has already collected; (b) choose whether or not you wish us to share some of your personal Information in Daily Yoga’s community. Users of this web site must promptly notify DailyYoga.com if personal identifiable information is lost  stolen or used without permission. In such an event  we can help you reset your password  hold or cancel your account  and update our records accordingly. Daily Yoga will require the permission to access your camera which is used for the purpose of taking photos when you voluntarily share your photos in Daily Yoga Community. Location permission is required for geotagging of your posts. If enabled  your location will be shown to others when you make a post in the Daily Yoga Community. Daily Yoga requires the permission to read your Phone State such as Device ID to bind your device with your Daily Yoga Account and Network Type to help avoid unnecessary data consumption. Cookies We use cookie technology to collect non-personal website usage data and to improve the Site and our service. Cookies are files a web site can use to recognize repeat users  and allow a web site to track web usage behavior. Cookies take up minimal room on your computer and cannot damage your computer’s files. Daily Yoga Software Technology Co. Ltd. may use both session cookies and persistent cookies to better understand how you interact with the DailyYoga.com web site and services  to monitor aggregate usage by our users and web traffic routing on the website  and to improve the web site and our services. A session cookie enables certain features of the site and our service and is deleted from your computer when you disconnect from or leave DailyYoga.com. A persistent cookie remains after you close your browser and may be used by your browser on subsequent visits to DailyYoga.com. Persistent cookies can be removed by following your web browser help file directions. Most Internet browsers automatically accept cookies. You can instruct your browser  by editing its options  to stop accepting cookies or to prompt you before accepting a cookie from the websites you visit. Information Sharing Disclosure DailyYoga.com does not sell or rent personal information about its customers to any third parties at this time. In the event DailyYoga.com does engage in such commerce in the future  you will have an opportunity to remove yourself from any such lists prior to your inclusion therein by emailing us at unsubscribe@DailyYoga.com. Please exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information. This web site also contains links to other web sites. DailyYoga.com is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such web sites. DailyYoga.com uses third-party advertising companies to serve ads and the third-party advertising companies may use non-personally identifiable information about a user’s visits to DailyYoga.com in order to provide advertisements about goods and services that may be of interest to users. Users of DailyYoga.com can find more information about these practices and their choices concerning these practices at http://networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp. Compliance with Laws and Law Enforcement DailyYoga.com cooperates with all law enforcement inquires and with all third parties to enforce their intellectual property or other rights. We may disclose any information about you to government or law enforcement officials or private parties as we  in our sole discretion  believe necessary or appropriate to respond to claims  legal process (including subpoenas)  to protect the property and rights of Daily Yoga Software Technology Co. Ltd. or a third party  the safety of the public or any person  to prevent or stop any illegal  unethical  or legally actionable activity  or to comply with the law. DailyYoga.com takes your privacy concerns very seriously. If you still have concerns about privacy issues after reading this Privacy Policy  please contact us at Support@DailyYoga.com. This Privacy Policy is effective as of May 1  2011. This Privacy Policy is not intended to and does not create any contractual or other legal rights in or on behalf of any party. We reserve the right  at any time and without notice  to add to  change  update or modify this Privacy Policy  simply by posting such change  update or modification on the Site. Any such change  update or modification will be effective immediately upon posting on the Site.    