       Login   Not signed up yet?    Personal data  I - COLLECTION OF DATA BY DECATHLON COACH  WHAT IS MY DATA USED FOR?  Your data is electronically processed allowing your user account to be managed. It is also used by companies of the DECATHLON Network  as part of statistical studies and marketing activities in order to offer you deals tailored to your sporting preferences  monitor the quality of our products and services and  subject to your prior consent  enable commercial prospecting.  WHO WILL SEE MY DATA?  The data collected on this Site is intended for the company DECATHLON SA  in its capacity as data controller. This data is also intended for other DECATHLON Network entities (Subsidiaries of DECATHLON SA). To find out more about the companies making up the DECATHLON Network  go to www.oxylane.com   HOW IS MY DATA PROTECTED?  In accordance with the provisions of Article 34 of the French data protection law of 6 January 1978  DECATHLON COACH takes every precaution to protect the security of your data to prevent its disclosure to unauthorised third parties. As such  DECATHLON COACH implements all necessary measures to secure its computing devices. In the event that your data is transferred to subcontractors (to be hosted  for example) DECATHLON COACH shall ensure that they have a level of security consistent with required standards.  ARE YOUR DATA TRANSFERRED OUTSIDE OF THE EUROPEAN UNION?  Primarily because we outsource some of our data processing  your data may be transferred outside of the European Union. In this case  DECATHLON COACH that this transfer takes place within the legal framework: transfer to a company providing an adequate level of protection  the signing of contractual clauses issued by the European Commission or  for a service provider in the United States  verification that it is a member of Privacy Shield.  WHAT ARE MY RIGHTS?  In accordance with the provisions of Articles 38  39 and 40 of the French data     protection law of 6 January 1978  You have the right to access  rectify and     oppose the processing of data relating to you by sending a letter and/or e-mail to:     DECATHLON SA     DECATHLON COACH Service     4 rue du professeur Langevin 59000 Lille mailto:contact@decathloncoach.com (please attach a copy of your identity document to the letter).     DECATHLON COACH guarantees that your data cannot be used for commercial     solicitation without your prior consent. In case of consented commercial     solicitation  DECATHLON COACH guarantees you the right to object to it in     retrospect.  II - SAVING DATA USING COOKIES  WHAT IS A COOKIE?:  DECATHLON COACH uses cookies. A cookie is a file installed on your device      which stores information about your visit to our website (language settings      connection time  visited pages  etc.). We can access this data during your next     visit to improve your browsing experience  Cookies used by our site record your IP address and your user ID. The     paragraphs below are intended  for the sake of transparency  to give you an     exhaustive list of the cookies used by DECATHLON COACH  and to offer you a     solution to adapt your choice. We draw your attention to the fact that sharing the     use of your device with other people is likely to modify the personalised nature of     cookies.  WHAT COOKIES ARE USED BY DECATHLON COACH?  DECATHLON COACH uses Cookies   for the following purposes:   cookies used as a shopping basket on online stores (to keep of track     items saved in your shopping basket)  user session (SessionID) cookies enable site users to be identified   cookies that have the sole purpose of contributing to the security of the     service requested by the user   cookies enabling the language spoken by the user (for sites translated into     several languages) or other preferences needed to provide the requested     service to be recorded   flash cookies containing elements strictly necessary for running a media     player (audio or video)  corresponding to content requested by the user.   DECATHLON COACH may also need to use cookies whose purpose is to inform     you about products  services and pages you visit. These cookies allow us to offer     you personalised content such as displaying targeted advertisements when you     login on our site that relate to your passion sports and expectations.  These cookies can be set according to your choice  as described in the section     below. In case of refusal of cookies allowing us to identify the products  services     and pages you visit  the content of your browsing will not be personalised and the     advertisements displayed may be of no interest to you.  DOES DECATHLON COACH ALLOW THIRD PARTIES TO USE COOKIES     WHILE I AM BROWSING?  DECATHLON COACH uses Google AnalyticsTM  a web analytics service     provided by Google Inc. Google Analytics uses cookies  which are text files     placed on your computer  to help the website analyse how users use the site and     generate statistics. The information generated by cookies about your use of the     website (including your IP address) are transmitted to and stored by Google on     servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of     evaluating your use of the website  compiling reports on website activity for     website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and     internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where     required to do so by law  or where such third parties process the information on     Google's behalf  such as the operator of this site. Google will not associate your     IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of     cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser (see below).     However  please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full     functionality of this website. By using this website  you consent to the processing     of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.     To see the Google Privacy Policy click here.   HOW TO MAKE A CHOICE REGARDING COOKIES  - BROWSER SETTINGS AND CONSEQUENCES OF YOUR CHOICES:  Several options are available to manage cookies. At any time  you can express     and modify your wishes in terms of cookies  via the Help section of your browser     toolbar. It tells you how to refuse new cookies or receive a message that tells     you when they are received or how to disable cookies either systematically or     according to their issuer. You can also delete cookies manually.  You can also choose to disable or delete similar data used by browser add-on     software  such as Flash cookies  by changing the settings of such software or by     visiting the software publisher's website.  Please note  it is possible that your browser settings will block you from     accessing certain content or significantly disrupt your browsing and the services     you expect from our site. In this case  we shall not be responsible for the     consequences of the diminished performance of our site resulting from the     inability to use the cookies required for its operation.  - YOUR CHOICE DEPENDING ON YOUR INTERNET BROWSER:  For managing cookies  each browser offers a configuration process. It is     described in the help menu of your browser  which will enable you to express     your wishes in terms of cookies:  For Internet Explorer™: open the Tools menu and select Internet Options;     click on the Privacy tab and then the Advanced tab and select the desired     level or follow this link  https://support.microsoft.com/en-US/help/17442/windows-internet-explorer-delete-manage-cookies  For Firefox™: open the Tools menu  then select Options; click on the     Privacy tab then select the desired options or follow this link:  https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/enable-and-disable-cookies-website-preferences  For Chrome™: open the settings menu (spanner logo)  then select Options;     click on Advanced Options and in the Privacy section  click Content Settings     and choose the desired options or follow the following link:  https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?hl=en&hlrm=en  For Safari™: choose Safari > Preferences and then click Security; Under     Accept Cookies  select the desired options or follow this link:  https://support.apple.com/?path=Safari/3.0/fr/9277.html  For Opera™: open the Tools or Settings menu  then select Delete private     data; click on the Detailed options tab then select the desired options or follow     this link:  http://help.opera.com/Windows/10.20/en/cookies.html  -YOUR CHOICE ON YOUR MOBILE  Choose whether Safari™ accepts cookies or not  1. On the main screen  choose Settings > Safari.  2. Select Accept Cookies and choose Never  From visited or Always.  To delete all cookies in Safari  1. On the main screen  choose Settings > Safari.  2. Select Delete cookies.  To delete cookies on Android  1. Menu > Settings > Clear all cookie data  III - COLLECTION BY THIRD PARTY SITES  DECATHLON COACH uses plug-ins from the social network Facebook  operated     by Facebook Inc.  1601 S. California Ave  Palo Alto  CA 94304  USA. When you     request access to a page of one of our sites containing such a plugin  your     browser establishes a direct connection with the Facebook servers. The content     of the plugins is transmitted directly to your browser by Facebook and inserted on     the site page. Facebook is informed that your browser has accessed the     corresponding page of the site  even if you do not have a Facebook user account     or if you are currently not connected to your Facebook account. Your IP address     is transmitted directly from your browser to a Facebook server located in the     United States and is saved in this location.  If you are logged in to Facebook whilst browsing our site  Facebook may directly     link your visit to your Facebook user account. If you interact with the plugins  for     example by clicking Like or leaving a comment  the corresponding information     will be transmitted to and stored on a Facebook server. They will be published to     your Facebook account. Facebook can use this information for advertising     purposes  market research and to adapt its Facebook pages. Facebook can then     create user profiles  of interests and relationships  in order to  for example      evaluate use of the site after having seen Facebook advertisements  to inform     other Facebook users on the activities of our website and to offer other services     relating to the use of Facebook.  If you do not want Facebook to connect the information collected via our site to     your Facebook user account  you must log out of Facebook before visiting our     site.  For more information on the purpose and extent of data collection by Facebook      its processing and use by Facebook  well as your rights relating to it and     configuration options for the protection of your privacy  please refer to the     information policy on the protection of data from Facebook  accessible by     following this link.    Sports advice  Legal information  Personal data  Terms of use  FAQ and contact  Language : English    Sports advice   Connected products    Multi-sport advice    Decathlon Coach app'    Tips and tricks    API & external partners   Legal  Legal information  Personal data  Terms of use  Help  FAQ and contact  Download ONconnect  Language  English  App  Download the Decathlon Coach sports app for all your running and walking activities      APP  Download the Decathlon Coach sports app for all your running and walking activities   The Decathlon Coach app is a sports app that enables you to measure all your sports  monitor your progress session by session  and find your running training plan and power walking training plan  tailored to your goals:starting or returning to running and walking  losing weight and keeping fit  preparing for a race. Using the Decathlon Coach sports app you can connect your cardio belt to display data from your cardio belt. Decathlon Coach also offers the option of sharing your session AND comparing yourself to your friends and family using the friends ranking. Choice of language   Chinese  Dutch  English  French  German  Hungarian  Italian  Polish  Portuguese  Russian  Spanish      