This app works best with JavaScript enabled. TRAINERS FITPLANS BLOG Events SHOP GIFT CARD ENG | ESP TRAINERS FITPLANS BLOG Events SHOP GIFT CARD Start Free Trial ENG | ESP We use cookies and other tracking technologies to improve your browsing experience on our website  to analyze our website traffic  and to understand where our visitors are coming from. By browsing our website  you consent to our use of cookies and other tracking technologies  in accordance with our Privacy Policy ACCEPT Privacy Policy This privacy statement (“Privacy Statement”) applies to the treatment of personally identifiable information submitted by  or otherwise obtained from  you in connection with the associated application (“Application”). The Application is provided by Fitplan Technologies Inc. (and may be provided by Fitplan Technologies Inc. on behalf of a Fitplan Technologies Inc. licensor or partner (“Application Partner”). By using or otherwise accessing the Application  you acknowledge that you accept the practices and policies outlined in this Privacy Statement. WHAT PERSONAL INFORMATION DOES Fitplan Technologies Inc. COLLECT? We collect the following types of information from our users: Personal Information You Provide to Us: We may receive and store any information you submit to the Application (or otherwise authorize us to obtain – such as  from (for example) your Facebook account). The types of personal information collected may include your full name  email address  gender  IP address  browser information  username  demographic information  and any other information necessary for us to provide the Application services. Personal Information Collected Automatically: We receive and store certain types of usage related information whenever you interact with Application. For example  Fitplan Technologies Inc. may automatically receive and record information regarding your computer’s IP address  browser information  Facebook user ID  Facebook Page fan status  and URLs accessed. Such information may be shared in aggregate (non-personally identifiable) form with our partners. HOW DOES Fitplan Technologies Inc. USE THE INFORMATION IT COLLECTS? Fitplan Technologies Inc. uses the information described in this Privacy Statement (i) internally  to analyze  develop and improve its products and services  and (ii) as set forth below in the “Will Fitplan Technologies Inc. Share any of the personal information it Collects” section below. APPLICATION PARTNER TREATMENT OF PERSONAL INFORMATION Fitplan Technologies Inc. may provide personal information to the applicable Application Partner. The Application Partner’s use of your personal information is subject to the Application Partner’s separate privacy policy – and not this Privacy Statement. The Application Partner’s privacy policy is linked to from within the Partner’s Facebook application or volunteered by the user. WILL Fitplan Technologies Inc. SHARE ANY OF THE PERSONAL INFORMATION IT RECEIVES? Personal information about our users is an integral part of our business. We neither rent nor sell your personal information to anyone (with the exception of sharing your information with an applicable Application Partner – see the “Application Partner Treatment” section above). We share your personal information only as described below. Application Partners: We will share your personal information with an applicable Application Partner (see the “Application Partner Treatment” section above). Agents: We employ other companies and people to perform tasks on our behalf and need to share your information with them to provide products or services to you. Unless we tell you differently  Fitplan Technologies Inc.’s agents do not have any right to use personal information we share with them beyond what is necessary to assist us. You hereby consent to our sharing of personal information for the above purposes. Business Transfers: In some cases  we may choose to buy or sell assets. In these types of transactions  customer information is typically one of the business assets that are transferred. Moreover  if Fitplan Technologies Inc.  or substantially all of its assets were acquired  or in the unlikely event that Fitplan Technologies Inc. goes out of business or enters bankruptcy  user information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur  and that any acquirer of Fitplan Technologies Inc. may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this policy. Protection of Fitplan Technologies Inc. and Others: We may release personal information when we believe in good faith that release is necessary to comply with the law; enforce or apply our conditions of use and other agreements; or protect the rights  property  or safety of Fitplan Technologies Inc.  our employees  our users  or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction. With Your Consent: Except as set forth above  you will be notified when your personal information may be shared with third parties  and will be able to prevent the sharing of this information. CONDITIONS OF USE If you decide to use or otherwise access the Application  your use/access and any possible dispute over privacy is subject to this Privacy Statement and our Terms of Use  including limitations on damages  arbitration of disputes  and application of California state law. THIRD PARTY APPLICATIONS/WEBSITES The Application may permit you to link to other applications or websites. Such third party applications/websites are not under Fitplan Technologies Inc.’s control  and such links do not constitute an endorsement by Fitplan Technologies Inc. of those other applications/websites or the services offered through them. The privacy and security practices of such third party application/websites linked to the Application are not covered by this Privacy Statement  and Fitplan Technologies Inc. is not responsible for the privacy or security practices or the content of such websites. WHAT PERSONAL INFORMATION CAN I ACCESS? Fitplan Technologies Inc. allows you to access the following information about you for the purpose of viewing  and in certain situations  updating that information. This list may change in the event the Application changes. Account and user profile information User e-mail address  if applicable Facebook profile information  if applicable User preferences Application specific data We may share non-personally identifiable information (such as anonymous usage data  referring/exit pages and URLs  platform types  number of clicks  number of users using health kit etc.) with third party analytics providers and other third parties to help them and us understand the usage patterns for certain Services. This Privacy Policy in no way restricts or limits our collection and use of non-personally identifiable information. HEALTHKIT Fitplan Technologies Inc has Apple’s Healthkit integration to track the following PHR (Personal Health Record) Data; duration  steps taken  calories and distance  and exercise type. PHR data is app-based Personal Health Record information. This data is passed through to Healthkit for the purpose of providing real time metric feedback to the user about their workouts  wellbeing and training program.The Healthkit data that we collect is classified as Personal Identifiable Information (PII) and Non- Personal Identifiable Information (NPII) For Clarification purposes: PII is any PHR Data that connects to you as an individual such as names  health conditions  and other identifiers. Any additional PHR data that is PII will fall under this scope NPII is PHR Data that is 1) grouped so it does not connect to you as an individual and 2) has names and other identifiers removed or altered. Fitplan Technologies Inc WILL NOT release Healthkit PII or non PII to any person  company or other entity for any reason  including but not limited to: Marketing and Advertising Medical and pharmaceutical research Reporting about our company and or customer activity Your insurer and employer We may disclose your personal information to third parties should it be required to do so by law or subpoena or if we believe that such action is necessary to (a) conform to the law  comply with legal process served on us or our affiliates  or investigate  prevent  or take action regarding suspected or actual illegal activities; (b) to enforce our Terms of Use  take precautions against liability  to investigate and defend ourselves against any third-party claims or allegations  to assist government enforcement agencies  or to protect the security or integrity of our site; and (c) to exercise or protect the rights  property  or personal safety of Company  or to otherwise act in the best interests of our users or others. Your Personal Data is only collected by us from your direct use with the Fitplan app  and if you granted both our app and Apple’s HealthKit permission. If you close or transfer your profile with us  we no longer collect any PHR data CAN CHILDREN USE THE APPLICATION? Our site and the services available through Fitplan Technologies Inc. are not intended for children under the age of 13. Fitplan Technologies Inc. does not knowingly or specifically collect information about children under the age of 13 and believes that children of any age should get their parents’ consent before giving out any personal information. We encourage you to participate in your child’s web experience. CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY STATEMENT Fitplan Technologies Inc. may amend this Privacy Statement from time to time. Use of information we collect now is subject to the Privacy Statement in effect at the time such information is used. If we make changes in the way we use personal information  we will notify you by posting an announcement on our Site or sending you an email. Users are bound by any changes to the Privacy Statement when he or she uses or otherwise accesses the Application after such changes have been first posted. QUESTIONS OR CONCERNS If you have any questions or concerns regarding privacy on our Website  please send us a detailed message at Fitplan Technologies Inc. We will make every effort to resolve your concerns. Effective Date: January 1  2017 Legal Disclaimer Please review the following User Agreement carefully before using Fitplan app or any intellectual property owned by Fitplan Technologies Inc. You should also read our Privacy Policy. Fitplan Technologies Inc strongly recommends that you consult with your physician before beginning any exercise program. You should be in good physical condition and be able to participate in the exercise. Fitplan Technologies Inc and its trainers are not a licensed medical care provider and represents that it has no expertise in diagnosing  examining  or treating medical conditions of any kind  or in determining the effect of any specific exercise on a medical condition. You should understand that when participating in any exercise or exercise program  there is the possibility of physical injury. If you engage in this exercise or exercise program  you agree that you do so at your own risk  are voluntarily participating in these activities  assume all risk of injury to yourself  and agree to release and discharge Fitplan Technologies Inc and its trainers from any and all claims or causes of action  known or unknown  arising out of Fitplan Technologies Inc’s negligence. COMPANY About Fitblog Business Partnerships PR/Media Inquiries Mealplan RESOURCES Support Password Reset Redeem Gift Card Privacy Policy Terms of Service DOWNLOADS Download on the  App Store GET IT ON FOLLOW US