    The Tapping Solution    Terms and Conditions of Use  Welcome to The Tapping Solution! Below you will find our Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy .  1. These Terms 2. Information About Us and How to Contact Us 3. Our Contract with You 4. Our Product 5. Your Rights to Make Changes 6. Our Rights to Make Changes 7. Providing Access 8. Subscriptions and Payment are Governed by the End-User License Agreement 9. How to Terminate the Services 10. Our Rights to End the Contract 11. If there is a Problem with the Subscription 12. Price and Payment 13. We offer no warranties; we limit our liability to you; and you agree to indemnify us 14. How we may Use your Personal Information 15. Other Important Terms   Welcome to The Tapping Solution. Please read these terms of service carefully before using the services offered by The Tapping Solution  LLC(the “Company”  “us”  “we”  “our”). These terms and conditions (these “Terms & Conditions”) set forth the terms and conditions of our relationship and govern your use of The Tapping Solution mobile application (the “App”) and the services  features  content  and applications offered by the Company  including those which enable you to obtain online information and content related to Meridian Tapping for stress management and overall health and well-being  and any other services provided by the Company (collectively  the “Services”). By accessing the App  you agree to be bound by the terms of these Terms & Conditions  which also incorporate the Company’s Privacy Policy.  IMPORTANT NOTICE: SECTION 15.7 OF THESE TERMS & CONDITIONS CONTAIN AN ARBITRATION AGREEMENT  WHICH WILL REQUIRE YOU TO SUBMIT ANY CLAIMS YOU MAY HAVE AGAINST THE TAPPING SOLUTION  LLC TO BINDING AND FINAL ARBITRATION.  IN ADDITION  UNDER SECTION 15.8 OF THESE TERMS & CONDITIONS  (A) YOU WILL ONLY BE PERMITTED TO PURSUE CLAIMS AGAINST THE TAPPING SOLUTION  LLC ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS  NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE ACTION OR PROCEEDING  AND (B) YOU WILL ONLY BE PERMITTED TO SEEK RELIEF (INCLUDING MONETARY  INJUNCTIVE  AND DECLARATORY RELIEF) ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS. BY ENTERING THIS AGREEMENT  YOU EXPRESSLY ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ AND UNDERSTAND ALL OF THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT  INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE SECTIONS REGARDING ARBITRATION.   1. These Terms  1.1 What these Terms & Conditions cover. These are the terms and conditions on which we provide you access to the Content (as defined below) available through the App  including full access to all available Content through a Subscription (as defined below) and access to any other goods  services or digital content we supply to you or provide you access to through the App.  1.2 Why you should read them. Please read these Terms & Conditions carefully. These Terms & Conditions tell you who we are  how we will provide products and services to you  how we may change or end the contract  what to do if there is a problem and other important information. You understand that by using our App  you agree to these Terms & Conditions. If you do not agree to these Terms & Conditions  to our Privacy Policy  or  as applicable  to the Apple Media Services Terms and Conditions or the Google Play Terms of Services (each  the “End-User License Agreement”)  you should not use the App or access any of its Content.  2. INFORMATION ABOUT US AND HOW TO CONTACT US  2.1 Who we are. We are The Tapping Solution  LLC  a Connecticut limited liability company.  2.2 How to contact us. You can contact us by emailing contact@thetappingsolution.com.  2.3 How we may contact you. If we have to contact you we will do so by writing to you at the email address or postal address you provide to us.  2.4 “Writing” includes emails. When we use the words “writing” or “written” in these terms  this includes emails.  3. OUR CONTRACT WITH YOU  3.1 Your eligibility to use our App. The App is offered and available to users subject to the End-User License Agreement  these Terms & Conditions and our Privacy Policy  who are 18 years of age or older and who reside in the United States or any of its territories or possessions or where use of the App does not violate any laws applicable within that jurisdiction. If you are registering an account or using the App on behalf of an individual or entity other than yourself  you represent that you are authorized by such individual or entity. If you enable a minor to access or to use the App  you agree to fully compensate us and/or indemnify us if we are damaged by such minor’s use of the Services.  3.2 Your acceptance. Your acceptance of these Terms &Conditions occurs when you download our App and/or access or otherwise use our Services.  3.3 No Warranties. Please note that we offer the Content through the App “AS IS” and without any warranties  either express or implied by law. Access to the Content requires that you provide us with your email address and establish a password  or log in through your Google+ or Facebook account (the “Sign-up”). Full access to the Content requires that you purchase a Subscription (as defined below). If your Sign-up is on behalf of an individual or entity other than yourself  you represent that you are authorized by such individual or entity to accept these Terms & Conditions together with our Privacy Policy and the End-User License Agreement on such individual’s or entity’s behalf. If you enable a minor to use the App  you agree to fully compensate us and/or indemnify us if we are damaged by such minor’s use of the Content. The safety and security of your information also depends on you. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password for access to certain parts of our App  you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. You should not share your password with anyone.  3.4 Your Use of the App. You may use the App for lawful  non-commercial purposes only. Without limiting the foregoing  you agree that you shall not:   use the App in any manner that could damage  disable  overburden  or impair the Company  or interfere with any other party’s use and enjoyment of the App;  attempt to gain unauthorized access to the App through hacking  password mining or any other means  or otherwise attempt to bypass any measures the Company may use to prevent or restrict access to the App or Content;  copy  modify  adapt  translate  or reverse engineer any portion of the App or its Content;  remove any copyright  trademark or other proprietary rights notices contained in  on or through the App or in or on any Content or other material obtained via the App;  modify  adapt  appropriate  reproduce  distribute  translate  create derivative works or adaptations of  publicly display  republish  repurpose  sell  trade  or in any way exploit the App or the Content  except as expressly authorized by the Company;  not knowingly transmit false or misleading information through the App;  use the App or any of its Content for any research related purpose without the written consent from an executive of the Company;  use any robot  spider  site search/retrieval application  or other automated device  process or means to access  retrieve  harvest  scrape or index any portion of the App or Content  create user accounts by automated means or under false or fraudulent pretenses;or  use the App in any manner that does not comply with the Company’s rules and policies and all applicable laws  rules  and regulations.   3.5 Changes to these Terms. We may change these Terms & Conditions or the Privacy Policy referenced herein at any time  as we reasonably deem appropriate. Upon any change in these Terms & Conditions  your continued use of the App or accessing the Content following such change shall constitute your affirmative acknowledgement of the Terms & Conditions  the modifications  and your agreement to abide and be bound by the Terms & Conditions and referenced Privacy Policy  as amended. If at any time you choose not to accept these Terms & Conditions or the Privacy Policy  including following any such modifications hereto  then you may not use the App or access the Content.  3.6 Trademarks. The Company’s name  the Company logo  the phrase“The Tapping Solution”  and all related names  logos  product and service names  designs and slogans are trademarks of the Company or its affiliates or licensors. You must not use such trademarks without the prior written permission of an executive officer of the Company. All other names  logos  product and service names  designs and slogans on the App are the trademarks of their respective owners.  3.7 End-User License Agreement. The limited  non-transferable license you are provided to download and use the App is for your own personal use and is subject to the terms of the End-User License Agreement that you accept in conjunction with downloading the App from the Apple Store or Google Play as well as these Terms & Conditions and the Privacy Policy referenced herein.  3.8 Auto-renewal of Subscriptions. If you purchase a monthly or yearly subscription  your subscription shall renew automatically for additional one month or one year terms (as applicable) unless terminated by you in accordance with the applicable End-User License Agreement. You will be charged for each automatic renewal of your subscription term in accordance with the terms of the applicable End-User License Agreement. You can manage or terminate your subscription via your Apple Store or Google Play account settings (as applicable).  3.9 Feedback. To the extent you provide the Company with information on how you feel before and after Tapping (as defined below)  any feedback regarding the Content  ideas  or other suggestions  whether or not patentable that directly concern enhancements  improvements or other changes to the App  Content  or Services (such ideas or suggestions  “Feedback”)  the Company shall have all right  title and interest in and to such Feedback  and you hereby assign and agree to assign to the Company all right  title and interest in and to such Feedback. You acknowledge and agree the Company may use the Feedback in any manner it chooses  including but not limited to in the Company’s research presentations  and marketing materials.   4. OUR PRODUCT  4.1 The Product and your Access. The Content as defined below is available to you through the App. Some of the Content is available to you simply by downloading the App and accepting these Terms &Conditions. Full access to all the available Content may be obtained by purchasing a monthly  annual or “lifetime” subscription as defined below (collectively  a “Subscription”). As used herein  the “Content” means the information and materials related to Meridian Tapping (“Tapping”) (an energy-oriented method based on the emerging field of energy psychology) made available via the App  including methods  processes  videos  protocols  articles  downloads  meditations and other information and materials that are not intended to be medical or psychological advice or diagnosis  but which are intended to potentially reduce stress and which are for your own personal use. Although the prevailing premise of Tapping is that the cause of negative emotions is a disruption in the body’s energy system and that Tapping assists in clearing these disruptions  the benefits of Tapping are not proven and you should consider Tapping experimental and by accessing or using the Content  you agree to assume any associated risks  known or unknown  and you acknowledge and agree that we offer no warranties  that we limit our liability and that you agree to indemnify us as detailed in Section 13 below. If you delete your contributions from the App  copies of your contributions may remain viewable in cached and archived pages  or might have been copied or stored by other App users.  We urge you to be careful about giving out information in public areas of the App like message boards. The information you share in public areas may be viewed by any user of the App. If you provide your phone number to us directly or through a third-party for the specific purpose of receiving an SMS message with a link to our App  you will receive such SMS message. Standard text message rates will apply. You can log into our App using sign-in services such as Facebook Connect or an Open ID provider. These services will authenticate your identity  provide you the option to share certain personal information (such as your name and email address) with us  and to pre-populate our sign-up form. Services like Facebook Connect give you to the option to post information about your activities on our Products or to your profile page to share with others within your network.  4.2 Access through Subscriptions. Your access to Content commences when you download the App and Sign-up. Your full access to the Content commences when you choose a monthly  annual  or “lifetime” Subscription and pay the applicable fee and any applicable taxes. A “lifetime” subscription provides you will full access to the Content for so long as the Company (or its successors or assigns) makes the Content available via the App.The Company makes no warranties  express or implied  as to the length of time the Content will be made available via the App or the duration of its corporate existence. Should the Company cease to make the Content or App available  or dissolve or otherwise cease to exist  all Subscriptions shall immediately terminate and you will no longer be able to access to the Content. The Company does not intend to imply a refund policy and no such policy exists with regard to the Company’s cessation of existence  except as may be available to you under the End-User License Agreement.  4.3 Third-party processor. The Company uses a third-party processor and does not have access to your payment information.  4.4 WE DO NOT OFFER MEDICAL OR PSYCHOLOGICAL ADVICE. ALL CONTENT AND ANY OTHER INFORMATION PRESENTED ON THE APP IS NOT INTENDED TO REPRESENT THAT TAPPING MAY BE USED TO DIAGNOSE  CURE  TREAT  OR PREVENT ANY MEDICAL PROBLEM OR PSYCHOLOGICAL DISORDER. THE CONTENT IS FOR INFORMATIONAL PURPOSES ONLY.THE CONTENT PROVIDED IN THIS APP IS NOT A SUBSTITUTE FOR THE ADVICE  DIAGNOSIS  OR TREATMENT FROM A PHYSICIAN  PSYCHOTHERAPIST OR OTHER QUALIFIED HEALTH CARE PROFESSIONAL. YOU SHOULD NOT CONSIDER USE OF THE APP OR CONTENT A RECOMMENDATION THAT YOU STOP SEEING ANY OF YOUR HEALTH CARE PROFESSIONALS OR USING PRESCRIBED MEDICATION  IF ANY  WITHOUT CONSULTING WITH YOUR HEALTH CARE PROFESSIONAL. THE COMPANY STRONGLY ADVISES THAT YOU SEEK PROFESSIONAL ADVICE AS YOU DEEM APPROPRIATE. ALTHOUGH THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED BY PERSONS WITH EXTENSIVE EXPERIENCE IN TAPPING  THE CONTENT HAS NOT BEEN DEVELOPED OR PROVIDED BY PSYCHOTHERAPISTS  PHYSICIANS  OR OTHER LICENSED PROFESSIONAL HEALTH CARE PROVIDERS.  4.5 YOU ACCEPT ALL POTENTIAL RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH USE OF THE APP. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT TAPPING IS AN EXPERIMENTAL APPROACH TO PERSONAL WELL BEING AND THAT ITS RISKS  BENEFITS  AND THE EXTENT OF ITS EFFECTIVENESS  IF ANY  ARE NOT FULLY KNOWN.YOU THEREFORE AGREE TO ASSUME AND ACCEPT FULL RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY AND ALL RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH USING THIS APP AND THE CONTENT.ALTHOUGH SOME PEOPLE REPORT HAVING POSITIVE EXPERIENCES FROM TAPPING  IT IS POSSIBLE TO EXPERIENCE EMOTIONAL DISTRESS  PHYSICAL DISCOMFORT  OR OTHER ADVERSE EMOTIONAL OR PHYSICAL REACTION AS A RESULT OF TAPPING  INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE RESURFACING OR FADING OF VIVID OR TRAUMATIC MEMORIES.  IF YOU EXPERIENCE ANY EMOTIONAL DISTRESS OR PHYSICAL DISCOMFORT WHILE USING THIS APP OR THE CONTENT  THE COMPANY STRONGLY RECOMMEND YOU STOP USING THE APP AND SEEK THE ADVICE AND CARE OF A MEDICAL PROFESSIONAL.  5. YOUR RIGHTS TO MAKE CHANGES  If you wish to make a change to your Subscription  please contact the source from which you purchased and downloaded the App (Apple Store for iOS devices and Google Play for Android devices).  6. OUR RIGHTS TO MAKE CHANGES  Changes to the Content or Pricing. We may change the App and/or the Content at any time in any regard and in our sole discretion  including but not limited to adding or deleting Content or implementing updates to reflect changes in relevant laws. We may change the pricing of any of the Subscriptions at any time in our sole discretion.  7. PROVIDING ACCESS  7.1 When we will provide the access to the Content. Your access to the Content commences when you download the App; accept these Terms & Conditions  Privacy Policy and End-User License Agreement  and Sign-up. We will supply the Services to you through your Subscription until you delete the App or we terminate your account in accordance with these Terms & Conditions.  7.2 We are not responsible for delays outside our control. If access to the Content is interrupted or delayed by an event outside our control we will take reasonable steps to minimize the effect of the delay and will not be liable for delays caused by the event.  7.3 Reasons we may suspend or terminate access to the Content to you. We may have to suspend your access to the Content to: (a) deal with technical problems or make minor technical changes; (b) update the Content to reflect changes in relevant laws and regulatory requirements; (c) make changes to the Content in our sole discretion or at the request of the Apple Store or Google Play; (d) address requests or directives from law enforcement or other authority; or (e) due to your violation of these Terms & Conditions.  7.4 Apple or Google  as applicable will suspend access to the Content if you do not pay. If you do not pay for the access to the Content pursuant to the term of your Subscription or the automatic renewals under your Subscription  access to the Content will be suspended until you have paid us the outstanding amounts. We will not charge you for the access during the period for which access to the Content is suspended.  7.5 You represent and warrant that you will use the App  Content  and Services in accordance with the these Terms & Conditions  the Privacy Policy  the End-User License Agreement  and with all applicable laws and regulations (including without limitation any local laws or regulations in your country  state  city  or other governmental area  regarding online conduct and acceptable content  and including all applicable laws regarding the transmission of technical data exported from the United States or the country in which you reside).  8. SUBSCRIPTIONS AND PAYMENTS ARE GOVERNED BY THE END-USER LICENSE AGREEMENT  8.1 Your monthly and annual Subscriptions will automatically renew unless otherwise cancelled by you.  8.2 Payment issues. Any questions regarding payments should be directed to the source from which you downloaded the App (Apple Store or Google Play) and are governed by the applicable End-User License Agreement.  9. HOW TO TERMINATE THE SERVICES  9.1 To terminate your access to the App  please contact the source from which you downloaded the App (Apple Store or Google Play). We do not offer any refunds and all sales are final. Your refund  if any  will be made in accordance with the End-User License Agreement from the source from which you downloaded the App (Apple Store or Google Play).  9.2 Upon any termination  discontinuation or cancellation of Services or your account  all provisions of these Terms & Conditions which by their nature should survive will survive  including  without limitation  ownership provisions  warranty disclaimers  limitations of liability  and dispute resolution provisions.  10. OUR RIGHTS TO END THE CONTRACT  10.1 We may terminate your access to the App at any time for any reason or for no reason  in our sole discretion  including but not limited to breach of these Terms & Conditions or your failure to timely make any Subscription payment.  11. IF THERE IS A PROBLEM WITH THE SUBSCRIPTION  11.1 How to tell us about problems. If you have any questions or complaints about the Subscription  please contact us. You can email our customer service team at contact@thetappingsolution.com.  12. PRICE AND PAYMENT  12.1 Where to find the price for the Subscription. We reserve the right to change our Subscription plans or adjust pricing for our service or any components thereof in any manner and at any time as we may determine in our sole and absolute discretion. The price of the Subscription will be the price indicated on the order pages when you placed your Subscription order directly through the App.The monthly and annual Subscriptions will be subject to automatic renewals in accordance with the End-User License Agreement.  12.2 When you must pay and how you must pay. All payments go through the source from which you downloaded the App (such as  Apple App Store or Google Play). You must purchase a Subscription in order to obtain full access to the Content. Once you download the App and accept these Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy as well as the End-User License Agreement  you will have limited access to the Content without a Subscription.  13. WE OFFER NO WARRANTIES; WE LIMIT OUR LIABILITY TO YOU; AND YOU AGREE TO INDEMNIFY US.  13.1 No Warranty. YOU EXPRESSLY ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT USE OF THE CONTENT ACCESSIBLE TO YOU THROUGH THE APP AND USE OF THE APP ITSELF IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW  THE APP AND ANY CONTENT AVAILABLE THROUGH THE APP OR ANY SERVICES PERFORMED OR PROVIDED TO YOU ARE PROVIDED “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE ” WITH ALL FAULTS AND WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND  AND THE COMPANY HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS WITH RESPECT TO THE APP  ANY CONTENT AVAILABLE TO YOU THROUGH THE APP AND ANY SERVICES  WHETHER EXPRESS  IMPLIED  OR STATUTORY  INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES AND/OR CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY  OF SATISFACTORY QUALITY  OF FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE  OF ACCURACY  AND OF NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD-PARTY RIGHTS. NO ORAL OR WRITTEN INFORMATION OR ADVICE GIVEN BY THE COMPANY OR ITS AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE SHALL CREATE A WARRANTY. SHOULD THE APP CONTENT  OR SERVICES PROVE DEFECTIVE  YOU ASSUME THE ENTIRE COST OF ANY RESULTING HARM  INJURY  DAMAGE OR OTHER LIABILITY. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR LIMITATIONS ON APPLICABLE STATUTORY RIGHTS OF A CONSUMER  SO THE ABOVE EXCLUSION AND LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.  13.2 Limitation of Liability. TO THE EXTENT NOT PROHIBITED BY LAW  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COMPANY OR ITS MANAGERS  MEMBERS  EMPLOYEES  OR AGENTS BE LIABLE FOR PERSONAL INJURY OR ANY INCIDENTAL  SPECIAL  INDIRECT  OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES WHATSOEVER  INCLUDING  WITHOUT LIMITATION  DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS  LOSS OF DATA  BUSINESS INTERRUPTION  LOSS OF LIFE  OR ANY OTHER DAMAGES OR LOSSES  ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO YOUR USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE APP AND THE CONTENT  NOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE DUE TO VIRUSES OR OTHER MALICIOUS SOFTWARE THAT MAY INFECT YOUR DEVICE  COMPUTER EQUIPMENT  SOFTWARE  DATA OR OTHER PROPERTY CAUSED BY YOU ACCESSING  USING OR DOWNLOADING FROM THE APP  OR FROM TRANSMISSIONS VIA EMAILS OR ATTACHMENTS RECEIVED FROM US   HOWEVER CAUSED  REGARDLESS OF THE THEORY OF LIABILITY (CONTRACT  TORT  OR OTHERWISE) AND EVEN IF THE COMPANY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE LIMITATION OF LIABILITY FOR PERSONAL INJURY  OR OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES  SO THIS LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.IF YOU ARE A CALIFORNIA RESIDENT  YOU WAIVE CALIFORNIA CIVIL CODE SECTION 1542  WHICH STATES  IN PART: “A GENERAL RELEASE DOES NOT EXTEND TO CLAIMS WHICH THE CREDITOR DOES NOT KNOW OR SUSPECT TO EXIST IN HIS FAVOR AT THE TIME OF EXECUTING THE RELEASE  WHICH IF KNOWN BY HIM MUST HAVE MATERIALLY AFFECTED HIS SETTLEMENT WITH THE DEBTOR”. In no event shall the Company’s total liability to you for all damages (other than as may be required by applicable law in cases involving personal injury) exceed the amount paid to the Company for use of the App or fifty dollars ($50.00)  if you have not had any payment obligations to the Company for the App  as applicable. The foregoing limitations will apply even if the above stated remedy fails of its essential purpose. We do not exclude or limit in any way our liability to you where it would be unlawful to do so.  13.3 Indemnification. You agree that the Company is not responsible for any harm that the use of the App  the Content  or the Services may cause. You agree to indemnify  defend and hold us  our employees  contractors  managers  members  agents  parent  other affiliated companies  suppliers  successors  and assigns harmless from and against any and all liabilities  claims  demands and expenses  including attorney’s fees  made by any third party that arise from or are related to (a) your access to or use of the App  Content  or Services  (b) any action or inaction taken by you or anyone else as a result of your access to or use of the App  Content  or Services  or (c) the violation of these Terms & Conditions  the End-User License Agreement  or any intellectual property or other right of any person or entity  by you or any third party you have authorized to act on your behalf.  14. HOW WE MAY USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION  14.1 How we may use your personal information. We will only use your personal information as set out in our privacy policy .  15. OTHER IMPORTANT TERMS  15.1 We may transfer this agreement to someone else. We may transfer our rights and obligations under these terms to another organization and you agree we can transfer any information we have associated with you and your use of the App.  15.2 If a court finds part of this contract unenforceable  the rest will continue in force. Each of the paragraphs of these Terms & Conditions and the Privacy Policy and the End-User License Agreement operates separately. If any court or relevant authority decides that any of them are unlawful  the remaining paragraphs will remain in full force and effect.  15.3 Even if we delay in enforcing these Terms & Conditions  we can still enforce it later. If we do not insist immediately that you do anything you are required to do under these Terms & Conditions or the Privacy Policy or the End-User License Agreement  or if we delay in taking steps against you  that will not mean that you do not have to do those things and it will not prevent us from taking steps against you at a later date.  15.4 Geographic Considerations. The Content and other information and features provided within the App is not intended for distribution to or use by any person or entity in any jurisdiction or country where such distribution or use would be contrary to law or regulation or which would subject the Company to any registration requirement within such jurisdiction or country. We reserve the right to limit the availability of our App  Content  and Services. or any portion thereof  to any person  geographic area  or jurisdiction  at any time and in our sole discretion  and to limit the quantities or features of any content  product  service or other feature that we provide. The App may be subject to United States export controls. Thus  the App may not be downloaded  exported or re-exported: (a) into (or to a national or resident of) any country to which the United States has embargoed goods; or (b) to anyone on the U.S. Treasury Department’s list of Specially Designated Nationals or the U.S. Commerce Department’s Table of Deny Orders. By downloading the App  you represent and warrant that you are not located in  under the control of  or a national or resident of  any such country or on any such list.  15.5 Governing Law  Jurisdiction and Venue. All matters relating to the App  the Content  the Services  the Terms & Conditions  the Privacy Policy and the End-User License Agreement and any dispute or claim arising there from or related thereto (in each case  including non-contractual disputes or claims)  shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Connecticut and controlling United States federal law without giving effect to any choice or conflict of law provision or rule (whether of the State of Connecticut or any other jurisdiction) and you irrevocably submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the State of Connecticut and the United States District Court for the District of Connecticut and to the jurisdiction of all courts to which an appeal may be taken from such courts and expressly waive  to the fullest extent you may effectively do so under applicable law  any objection which you may at any time have to venue in such courts  that any suit  action or proceeding therein has been brought in an inconvenient forum or that any such court lacks jurisdiction. The foregoing is expressly subject to your consent to arbitration pursuant to the terms set forth in Section 15.7.  15.6 Equitable remedies. You agree that in addition to any other rights and remedies which the Company may have in the event of your breach of any of these Terms & Conditions  the Privacy Policy or the End-User License Agreement  the Company shall be entitled  and is expressly and irrevocably authorized by you  to demand and obtain temporary or permanent injunctive relief  and all other appropriate equitable relief against you in order to enforce these Terms & Conditions  the terms of the Privacy Policy or the terms of the End-User License Agreement or in order to prevent any breach or any threatened breach by you of these agreements.  15.7 You agree to Arbitration. You acknowledge and agree that any and all disputes arising from the App  the Content  these Terms & Conditions  the Privacy Policy or the End-User License Agreement shall be exclusively resolved upon written demand by you or by us for binding arbitration by a single arbitrator appointed by the American Arbitration Association. The arbitration shall be conducted in Fairfield County  Connecticut at a location designated by the arbitrator and you consent to this jurisdiction and venue in the arbitration. Our agreement to binding arbitration means that the Company and you each expressly waive any right to have any dispute  claim or controversy between us tried in a judicial forum by a judge or jury. Each of the Company and you has the right to be represented by counsel at the arbitration. The award of the arbitrator shall be final  binding and conclusive upon the Company and you and you  subject only to such judicial review permitted by law. A judgment may be rendered on an arbitration award  and the judgment thus rendered can be docketed and enforced by legal process. You and the Company agree that any cause of action arising out of or related to the App  Content  or the Services must commence within one (1) year after the cause of action arose; otherwise  such cause of action is permanently barred.  15.8 Class action waiver. Where permitted under the applicable law  you and the Company agree that each may bring claims against the other only in your or its individual capacity and not as a plaintiff or class member in any purposed class or representative action. Unless both you and the Company agree  no arbitrator or judge may consolidate more than one person’s claims or otherwise preside over any form of a representative or class proceeding.  15.9 Entire Agreement. These Terms & Conditions and the Privacy Policy and any documents referenced therein and incorporated by reference constitute the sole and entire agreement between you and the Company with respect to the App and its content and supersede all prior and contemporaneous understandings  agreements  representations and warranties  both written and oral  with respect to the App.  15.10 Contact. All inquiries regarding Subscriptions or billing should be directed to the source from which you downloaded the App (Apple Store or Google Play). All inquiries regarding Content should be directed to the Company at contact@thetappingsolution.com.  The Tapping Solution  LLC  MOBILE APPLICATION PRIVACY POLICY  Last modified: September 5  2019  INTRODUCTION  The Tapping Solution  LLC (“ Company ” or “ We “) respects your privacy and are committed to protecting it through our compliance with this policy. This policy describes:   The types of information we may collect or that you may provide when you access or use the Company’s mobile application (the “ App “).  Our practices for collecting  using  maintaining  protecting  and disclosing that information.   Please read this policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we will treat it. If you do not agree with our policies and practices  do not download  register with  or use this App. By downloading  registering with  or using this App  you agree to this privacy policy. Any capitalized term used but not defined in this privacy policy will have the meaning defined in the Terms & Conditions. This policy may change from time to time . Your continued use of this App after we make changes is deemed to be acceptance of those changes  so please check the policy periodically for updates.  CHILDREN UNDER THE AGE OF 13  The Company forbids use of the App by persons under 18 years of age  and we therefore do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a child under 13 without verification of parental consent  we will delete that information. If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under 13  please contact us at contact@thetappingsolution.com.  INFORMATION WE COLLECT AND HOW WE COLLECT IT  We collect information from and about users of our App:   Directly from you when you provide it to us.  Automatically when you use the App.   Information You Provide to Us  When you download  register with  or use this App  we may ask you to provide information:   By which you may be personally identified  such as name  postal address  email address  telephone number  or any other information the App collects that is defined as personal or personally identifiable information under an applicable law (“ personal information “).  That is about you but individually does not identify you.   This information includes:   Information that you provide by filling in forms in the App. This includes information provided at the time of registering to use the App and purchasing a Subscription. We may also ask you for information when you enter a contest or promotion sponsored by us  and when you report a problem with the App.  Records and copies of your correspondence (including email addresses and phone numbers)  if you contact us.  Your responses to surveys that we might ask you to complete for research purposes.  Details of transactions you carry out through the App and of the fulfillment of your orders including specifically your subscription order.  Your search queries on the App.  Any of your input made through the App including your pre and post meditation rating.   You may provide information to be published or displayed (“ Posted “) on public areas of websites or social media you access through or related to the App (“ User Contributions “). Your User Contributions are Posted and transmitted to others at your own risk. We cannot control the actions of third parties with whom you may choose to share your User Contributions. Therefore  we cannot and do not guarantee that your User Contributions will not be viewed by unauthorized persons. You may not use the App or any of its Content for any research related purpose without the written consent from an executive of the Company.  Automatic Information Collection and Tracking  When you download  access  and use the App  it may use technology to automatically collect:   Usage Details. When you access and use the App  we may automatically collect certain details of your access to and use of the App  including traffic data  location data  logs  and other communication data and the resources that you access and use on or through the App.  Device Information. We may collect information about your mobile device and internet connection  including the device’s unique device identifier  IP address  operating system  browser type  mobile network information  and the device’s telephone number.  Stored Information and Files. The App also may access metadata and other information associated with other files stored on your device. This may include  for example  photographs  audio and video clips  personal contacts  and address book information.  Location Information. This App may collect real-time information about the location of your device.  Mobile Device Phone Number.   If you do not want us to collect this information do not download the App. Note  however  that opting out of the App’s collection of location information will cause its location-based features to be disabled.  We also may use these technologies to collect information about your activities over time and across third-party websites  apps  or other online services (behavioral tracking).  Information Collection and Tracking Technologies  The technologies we use for automatic information collection may include:   Mobile cookies. A cookie is a small file placed on your smartphone. It may be possible to refuse to accept mobile cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your smartphone. However  if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of our App.  Web Beacons. Pages of the App and our emails may contain small electronic files known as web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs  pixel tags  and single-pixel gifs) that permit the Company  for example  to count users who have visited those pages or opened an email and for other related app statistics (for example  recording the popularity of certain app content and verifying system and server integrity).  Client IDs .   THIRD-PARTY INFORMATION COLLECTION  When you use the App or its content  certain third parties may use automatic information collection technologies to collect information about you or your device. These third parties may include:   Advertisers  ad networks  and ad servers.  Analytics companies.  Your mobile device manufacturer.  Your mobile service provider.  Apple and/or Google Play.   These third parties may use tracking technologies to collect information about you when you use this app. The information they collect may be associated with your personal information or they may collect information  including personal information  about your online activities over time and across different websites  apps  and other online services websites. They may use this information to provide you with interest-based (behavioral) advertising or other targeted content.  We do not control these third parties’ tracking technologies or how they may be used. If you have any questions about an advertisement or other targeted content  you should contact the responsible provider directly.  HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION  We use information that we collect about you or that you provide to us  including any personal information  Feedback  suggestions  improvements  ideas and testimonials to:   Provide you with the App and its contents  and any other information  products or services that you request from us.  Fulfill any other purpose for which you provide it.  To permit Google or Apple  as applicable  to give you notices about your subscription  including expiration and renewal notices.  Carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us  including for billing and collection.  Research the effects of Tapping and usefulness of the Content.  Notify you when App updates are available.   The usage information we collect helps us to improve our App and to deliver a better and more personalized experience by enabling us to:   Estimate our audience size and usage patterns.  Store information about your preferences  allowing us to customize our App according to your individual interests.  Speed up your searches.  Recognize you when you use the App.  To send SMS messages and push notifications.   We use location information that we collect for our research purposes. We may also use your information including your location  the Content you access through the App  and any of your input made through the App including your pre and post meditation ratings and other feedback  your suggestions or improvements or ideas and testimonials for any purpose including research  marketing  operational or product improvement purposes.  We may also use your information to contact you about our own and third parties’ goods and services that may be of interest to you.  We may use the information we collect to display advertisements to our advertisers’ target audiences. Even though we do not disclose your personal information for these purposes without your consent  if you click on or otherwise interact with an advertisement  the advertiser may assume that you meet its target criteria.  DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION  We may disclose aggregated information about our users  and information that does not identify any individual  without restriction including but not limited to  any pre and post meditation ratings  usage data  user feedback  suggestions or ideas including suggestions or ideas for improvements  and testimonials.  In addition  we may disclose personal information that we collect or you provide:   To our subsidiaries and affiliates.  To contractors  service providers  and other third parties we use to support our business.  To a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger  divestiture  restructuring  reorganization  dissolution  or other sale or transfer of some or all of the Company’s assets  whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy  liquidation  or similar proceeding  in which personal information held by the Company about our App users is among the assets transferred.  To fulfill the purpose for which you provide it.  For any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information.  To comply with any court order  law  or legal process  including to respond to any government or regulatory request.  To enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us  including but not limited to the Terms & Conditions   and for billing and collection.  If we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights  property  or safety of the Company  our customers or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.  For research purposes including  from time to time  sharing anonymized data collected by us for research purposes.  Anonymization by us means that any information personal to users will be removed before data analysis  and that users cannot be identified in any way through the data. Research studies are designed to gain scientific knowledge that may help other people in the future  but no promises are being made to any user as to the results of such research  nor is there any guarantee that any user symptoms will be improved by such research  nor any guarantee that any user may receive any benefit from such research.   YOUR CHOICES ABOUT OUR COLLECTION  USE  AND DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION  We strive to provide you with choices regarding the personal information you provide to us. This section describes mechanisms we provide for you to control certain uses and disclosures of over your information.   Tracking Technologies. You can set your mobile browser to refuse all or some mobile cookies  or to alert you when mobile cookies are being sent. If you disable or refuse mobile cookies or block the use of other tracking technologies  some parts of the App may then be inaccessible or not function properly.  Location Information. You can choose whether or not to allow the App to collect and use real-time information about your device’s location through the device’s privacy settings. If you block the use of location information  some parts of the App may then be inaccessible or not function properly.  Promotion by the Company. If you do not want us to use your contact information to promote our own or third parties’ products or services  you can opt-out by either unsubscribing from any emails you receive with the link at the bottom of the email or email contact@thetappingsolution.com.  Targeted Advertising by the Company. If you do not want us to use information that we collect or that you provide to us to deliver advertisements according to our advertisers’ target-audience preferences  you can opt-out by emailing contact@thetappingsolution.com.  Disclosure of Your Information for Third-Party Advertising and Marketing. If you do not want us to share your personal information with unaffiliated or non-agent third parties for advertising and marketing purposes  you can opt-out by emailing contact@thetappingsolution.com .   We do not control third parties’ collection or use of your information to serve interest-based advertising. However  these third parties may provide you with ways to choose not to have your information collected or used in this way. You can opt out of receiving targeted ads from members of the Network Advertising Initiative (“ NAI “) on the NAI’s website .  ACCESSING AND CORRECTING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION  You may send us an email at contact@thetappingsolution.com to request access to  correct  or delete any personal information that you have provided to us. We cannot delete your personal information except by also deleting your user account. We may not accommodate a request to change information if we believe the change would violate any law or legal requirement or cause the information to be incorrect.  If you delete your User Contributions from the App  copies of your User Contributions may remain viewable in cached and archived pages  or might have been copied or stored by other App users. Proper access and use of information provided on the App  including User Contributions  is governed by our Terms & Conditions .  YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS  California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits users of our App that are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request  please send an email to contact@thetappingsolution.com.  DATA SECURITY  We have implemented measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access  use  alteration  and disclosure. All information you provide to us is stored on secure servers behind firewalls. Any payment transactions will be processed by our third-party payment processor.  We urge you to be careful about giving out information in public areas of the App like message boards. The information you share in public areas may be viewed by any user of the App.  Unfortunately  the transmission of information via the internet and mobile platforms is not completely secure. Although we do our best to protect your personal information  we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information transmitted through our App. Any transmission of personal information is at your own risk. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures we provide.  CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY  We may update our privacy policy from time to time. If we make material changes to how we treat our users’ personal information  we will post the new privacy policy on this page.  The date the privacy policy was last revised is identified at the top of the page. You are responsible for ensuring we have an up-to-date active and deliverable email address for you and for periodically visiting this privacy policy to check for any changes.  CONTACT INFORMATION  To ask questions or comment about this privacy policy and our privacy practices  contact us at: contact@thetappingsolution.com  ***FOR EUROPEAN UNION CUSTOMERS ***  AND CUSTOMERS FROM THE UNITED KINGDOM    Personal Data Collection and Use  Our Mobile Application Privacy Policy  located here   describes the categories of EEA Personal Data that we may receive in the US as well as the purposes for which we use that EEA Personal Data. The Company will only process EEA Personal Data in ways that are compatible with the purpose that we collected it for  or for purposes the individual later authorizes. Before we use your EEA Personal Data for a purpose that is materially different than the purpose we collected it for or that you later authorized  we will provide you with the opportunity to opt out. The Company maintains reasonable procedures to help ensure that EEA Personal Data is reliable for its intended use  accurate  complete  and current.  If we collect sensitive EEA Personal Data  we will obtain your opt-in consent where the Privacy Shield requires  including if we disclose your sensitive EEA Personal Data to third parties  or before we use your sensitive EEA Personal Data for a different purpose than we collected it for or than you later authorized.  Data Transfers to Third Parties  Third-Party Agents or Service Providers .  We may transfer EEA Personal Data to our third-party agents or service providers who perform functions on our behalf. Where required by the Privacy Shield  we enter into written agreements with those third-party agents and service providers requiring them to provide the same level of protection the Privacy Shield requires and limiting their use of the data to the specified services provided on our behalf. We take reasonable and appropriate steps to ensure that third-party agents and service providers process EEA Personal Data in accordance with our Privacy Shield obligations and to stop and remediate any unauthorized processing. Under certain circumstances  we may remain liable for the acts of our third-party agents or service providers who perform services on our behalf for their handling of EEA Personal Data that we transfer to them.  Third-Party Data Controllers. In some cases we may transfer EEA Personal Data to unaffiliated third-party data controllers. These third parties do not act as agents or service providers and are not performing functions on our behalf. We will only provide your EEA Personal Data to third-party data controllers where you have not opted-out of such disclosures  or in the case of sensitive EEA Personal Data  where you have opted-in if the Privacy Shield requires consent. We enter into written contracts with any unaffiliated third-party data controllers requiring them to provide the same level of protection for EEA Personal Data the Privacy Shield requires. We also limit their use of your EEA Personal Data so that it is consistent with any consent you have provided and with the notices you have received. If we transfer your EEA Personal Data to one of our affiliated entities within our corporate group  we will take steps to ensure that your EEA Personal Data is protected with the same level of protection the Privacy Shield requires.  Disclosures for National Security or Law Enforcement . Under certain circumstances  we may be required to disclose your EEA Personal Data in response to valid requests by public authorities  including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.  Security . The Company maintains reasonable and appropriate security measures to protect EEA Personal Data from loss  misuse  unauthorized access  disclosure  alteration  or destruction in accordance with the Privacy Shield.  Access Rights. You may have the right to access the EEA Personal Data that we hold about you and to request that we correct  amend  or delete it if it is inaccurate or processed in violation of the Privacy Shield. These access rights may not apply in some cases  including where providing access is unreasonably burdensome or expensive under the circumstances or where it would violate the rights of someone other than individual requesting access. If you would like to request access to  correction  amendment  or deletion of your EEA Personal Data  you can submit a written request to the contact information provided below. We may request specific information from you to confirm your identity. In some circumstances we may charge a reasonable fee for access to your information.  Questions or Complaints.  You can direct any questions or complaints about the use or disclosure of your EEA Personal Data to us at contact@thetappingsolution.com. We will investigate and attempt to resolve any complaints or disputes regarding the use or disclosure of your EEA Personal Data within 45 days of receiving your complaint. For any unresolved complaints  we have agreed to cooperate with the EU data protection authorities. If you are unsatisfied with the resolution of your complaint  you may contact the EU data protection authorities for further information and assistance.  Binding Arbitration. You may have the option to select binding arbitration for the resolution of your complaint under certain circumstances  provided you have taken the following steps: (1) raised your complaint directly with the Company and provided us the opportunity to resolve the issue; (2) made use of the independent dispute resolution mechanism identified above; and (3) raised the issue through the relevant data protection authority and allowed the US Department of Commerce an opportunity to resolve the complaint at no cost to you. For more information on binding arbitration  see US Department of Commerce’s Privacy Shield Framework: Annex I (Binding Arbitration) .  Contact Us . If you have any questions about this Policy or would like to request access to your EEA Personal Data  please contact us as follows: contact@thetappingsolution.com.  Changes to This Policy . We reserve the right to amend this Policy from time to time consistent with the Privacy Shield’s requirements.  Priority. If any of the terms of this Privacy Policy conflict with any of the terms of the applicable End-User License Agreement  the terms of this Privacy Policy shall prevail.  Effective Date : September 5  2019  Last modified : September 5  2019  