    Privacy Policy for Relax Preface Relax(hereinafter referred to as     this product) is a  health & fitness  software     based on Android system  iOS system mobile phone device (hereinafter referred     to as mobile phone). Thank you very much for your trust in us.    This privacy policy will help you     understand the followings:    1. How do we collect and use your     personal information?    2. How do we store your personal     information?    3. How do we share  transfer  and     publicly disclose your personal information?    4. How do we protect your personal     information?    5. Scope of application of the privacy     policy    6. Alter and revisions to the privacy     policy    7. The privacy policy taking effect    We hope that through this Privacy Policy     we will explain how we collect  use  store  share and transfer your personal     information when using this product  and how we protect it. Please read and     understand this Privacy Policy carefully before using this product  and use our     products or services after you have fully understood and agreed. By the time     you start using this product  you understand and agree to this Policy and agree     to the collection  use  storage and sharing of your information in accordance     with this Privacy Policy. If you have any questions  comments or suggestions     about the content of this policy  you can contact us through the various     contact methods provided in this Privacy Policy.    1.  How do we collect and use     your personal information? We collect and use your personal     information for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy for the following     purposes: 1.1   Improve     our products and services 1.1.1 User experience improvement. We     may collect International Mobile Equipment Identity (IMEI) and Network     Equipment Address (MAC) encrypted by MD5 algorithm  advertising identifier     IDFA  device model  system version number  operating system version number  system     number  system ID number  screen resolution  type of Internet access  version     number of this product  click time and frequency of one button  option values     for certain key configurations  software crash log  using to count the number     of users of our products  analyze product usage  version upgrade judgments      troubleshoot the causes of the crashes  and reduce crashes to continuously     improve our products. This information does not involve personal information     such as your personal identity and etc. 1.2 Security To improve the security of your services     provided by us and our affiliates and partners  protect the personal and     property of you or other users or the public from being compromised  and better     prevent phishing websites  fraud  network vulnerabilities  cyber attacks      network intrusions and other security risks  more accurately identify     violations of laws and regulations or the rules of the relevant agreements. We     may use or integrate your account information  device information  software     usage information  and information that our affiliates  partners obtain from     you  or that are shared by law  for authentication  detection  and prevention     of security incidents  and to take necessary actions in accordance with the     law. Record  audit  analyze  and dispose of measures in accordance with the     law. 1.3 Other uses Subject to laws and regulations  we may     post your personal information in an anonymized  aggregated  desensitized and     encrypted form to form a statistical message or user portrait (but the image does     not identify any individual)  showing and pushing you related services      products  or features. If we use the information for other purposes not covered     by this policy  or if the information collected for a specific purpose is used     for other purposes  we will ask for your consent in advance. 1.4   Exception for authorization of     consent  According to relevant laws and     regulations  collecting your personal information in the following situations     does not require your authorized consent:  1.4.1 Related to national security and     national defense security;  1.4.2 Related to public safety  public     health  and major public interests;  1.4.3 Relevant to criminal     investigations  prosecutions  trials and execution of judgments;  1.4.4 Out of the protection of personal     information or the personal lives and properties of other individuals but     difficult to get your consent.  1.4.5 The personal information collected     is disclosed to the public by yourself;  1.4.6 Collect personal information from     legally publicly disclosed information  such as legitimate news reports      government information disclosure  etc.;  1.4.7 Required to sign a contract     according to your requirements;  1.4.8 It is necessary to maintain the     safe and stable operation of the products or services provided  such as     discover and dispose the failure of products or services;  1.4.9 Required for legal news reporting;  1.4.10 When academic research     institutions conduct statistical or academic research based on public interest     and provide academic research or description results  de-identify the personal     information contained in the results;  1.4.11. Other circumstances as     stipulated by laws and regulations.   2.  How do we store your personal     information? Personal information we collect and     generate within the territory of the People's Republic of China will be stored     in the territory of the People's Republic of China.    In order to handle cross-border     business  it is necessary to transmit relevant personal information collected     in China to overseas institutions. We will implement it in accordance with     laws  administrative regulations and relevant regulatory authorities. We will     ensure that your personal information is adequately protected  such as     anonymization  encrypted storage  and more.    If we stop operating the products or     services that we love to edit  we will stop the activities of collecting your     personal information in a timely manner  and notify you of the notice of     suspension of operation by one-by-one delivery or announcement. And delete or     anonymize the personal information we store.     3. How do we share  transfer  and     publicly disclose your personal information?  3.1 Share We do not share your personal     information with any company  organization or individual  except in the     following cases:    3.1.1 We may share your personal     information in accordance with laws and regulations  litigation dispute     resolution needs  or in accordance with the requirements of the administrative     and judicial authorities.    3.1.2 We will share your personal     information with other parties with your explicit consent.    3.1.3 We may share your personal     information with our affiliates in the event that they provide services to you     or us. However  we only share the necessary personal information  and the     processing of your information by related parties is subject to this Privacy     Policy. If the affiliate company wants to change the purpose of processing your     personal information  it will ask for your authorization and consent again.    3.1.4 We will not share your personal     information with third-party advertisers  application developers  open     platforms or other partners unless you have expressly authorized and agreed to     it. We may provide aggregated information  anonymized information  or other     information that does not personally identify you. For example  we might tell     the application developer how many people have installed the application they     developed.    3.1.5 For the sole purpose of this     Privacy Policy  we may share your personal information with our suppliers      service providers  consultants or agents to provide better customer service and     user experience. These suppliers  service providers  consultants  and agents     may provide us with technical infrastructure services  analyze how our services     are used  measure the effectiveness of advertising and services  provide     customer and payment services  conduct academic research and surveys  or     provide legal  financial and technical advisory services. For example  we may     occasionally invite registered users to participate in the sweepstakes. If you are     lucky enough to win  we need to provide your personal information to the     logistics service provider in order to send you our prizes. 3.2 Transfer We will not transfer your personal     information to any other company  organization or individual except in the     following cases:    3.2.1 With the development of business     in the past  we and our affiliates may conduct mergers  acquisitions  asset     transfers or other similar transactions. If the transaction involves the     transfer of your personal information  we will require that the new company      organization and individual holding your personal information continue to be     bound by this policy  otherwise we will require the company  organization and     individual to re-authorize your authorization.    3.2.2 By transferring with your clear     consent  that is  with your clear consent  we will transfer other parties your     personal information we have obtained from you. 3.3 Disclosure We will only publicly disclose your     personal information in the following circumstances:    3.3.1 Have obtained your explicit     consent    3.3.2 We may disclose your personal     information publicly in the event of legal  legal  litigation  or mandatory     requirements of the government authorities.    3.3.3 Other circumstances as stipulated     by laws and regulations.     4. How we protect your personal     information? We have taken industry-standard security     measures to protect the personal information you provide and to protect your     data from unauthorized access  public disclosure  use  modification  damage or     loss. We will take all reasonable and practicable steps to protect your     personal information.    4.1 We encrypt and transfer identifiable     personally identifiable information to ensure the confidentiality of the data.     For your mobile device identifier International Mobile Device Identity (IMEI)      Network Device Address (MAC)  we will use the MD5 algorithm for anonymization     and encryption on your device side  and only collect and upload the anonymized     and encrypted identifier.    4.2 If the user has registered our     account  we may analyze the user's login time  IP  login times and other     information to properly manage the risk. If there is a suspected non-login     operation  we will remind the user via SMS to prevent your account from being     logged in. For the data exchange between the mobile phone you use and our     client  we use our custom encryption scheme and https double encryption to     transmit in order to ensure the security of data transmission.    4.2.3 If our application uses WebView     technology  we will perform URL verification on all file protocols used in     WebView and restrict access to the application sensitive data and SDCard data      avoiding any private files of the product and sensitive information being     maliciously stolen  without special permissions  causing your personal information     to be compromised.    4.2.4 We deploy access control     mechanisms on the server side  adopt a minimum authorization principle for     staff who may be exposed to your personal information  and regularly check the     list of visitors and access records.    4.2.5 The server system we store user     personal information is a security hardened operating system. We perform     account auditing and monitoring of server operations. If we find an externally     announced server operating system with security issues  we will perform a server     security upgrade in the first place to ensure the security of all our server     systems and applications.    4.2.6 We have established a Personal     Information Protection Responsibility Team to conduct personal information     security impact assessments for the collection  use  sharing  and processing of     personal information. At the same time  we have established relevant internal     control system  adopting the principle of minimum sufficient authorization for     the staff who may come into contact with your information; systematically     monitoring the behavior of the staff to process your information  and we     regularly organize personal information protection laws for staff members.     Regulatory training to enhance staff awareness of personal privacy protection.    4.2.7 In the event of unfortunate     incidents in which our physical  technical or management protective measures     have been destroyed  we will promptly launch emergency plans to prevent the     expansion of security incidents  report them to the competent national authorities     in accordance with the requirements of laws and regulations  and promptly adopt     pushes  announcements or other  reasonable and effective ways  in order to     inform you about the basic situation of the security incident  the possible     impact  the measures that have been taken or the measures to be take    4.2.8 After you terminate the use of the     service  we will stop the collection and use of your information  except as     otherwise provided by laws and regulations or regulatory authorities. If we     stop operating  we will stop the collection of your personal information in a     timely manner  notify you of the notice of suspension of operation or an     announcement one by one  and delete or anonymize your personal information that     we hold.    4.2.9 How do we protect the information     of minors?    4.2.9.1 We expect parents or guardians     to guide minors in using our services. We will protect the confidentiality and     security of information of minors in accordance with the relevant laws and     regulations of the country. 4.2.9.2 If you are a minor  it is     recommended that your parent or guardian read this policy and use our services     or provide us with your information with the consent of your parent or     guardian. For the collection of your information with the consent of the parent     or guardian  we will only use or publicly disclose this information if it is     necessary by law  if the parent or guardian expressly agrees or protects your     rights. If your guardian does not agree that you use our services or provide     information to us in accordance with this policy  please terminate your use of     our services immediately and notify us in time so that we can take appropriate     action. 4.2.9.3 If you are a parent or guardian     of a minor  please contact us through the contact details below when you have     questions about the processing of the minors you are monitoring.    5.  Scope of the privacy policy This privacy policy applies only to     Relax. Other products and services of the company will use the privacy policy     of the relevant products or services. In particular  this Privacy Policy does     not apply to the followings:    5.1 Embedding Relax products (or     services) into third-party products (or services)  information collected by     third-party products (or services).    5.2 Information collected by     third-party services  advertisements  or other companies  organizations  or     individuals that are connected to Relax products (or services).     6. Changes and revisions to the privacy     policy Our privacy policy may change. We will     not limit your rights under this Privacy Policy without your clear consent.    We also provide noticeable notices of     major changes to this Privacy Policy (for example  in the event of a software     revision or upgrade  or when you log back in  you will be notified in a pop-up     window)    Significant changes referred to in this     policy include but are not limited to:    6.1 Our service model has undergone     major changes. Such as the purpose of processing personal information  the type     of personal information processed  the way in which personal information is     used  etc.;    6.2 We have made major changes in terms     of control and etc.  such as ownership changes caused by mergers and     acquisitions  etc.;    6.3 The main objects of personal     information sharing  transfer or public disclosure have changed;    6.4 Significant changes in your rights     to participate in the processing of personal information and how it is     exercised;    6.5 When the responsible department      contact method and complaint channel responsible for handling personal     information security change;    6.6 The personal information security     impact assessment report indicates that there is a high risk.     7. Effectiveness of the privacy policy This Privacy Policy will come into     effect on October 17  2019. You have any questions or comments about this     Agreement and the content of the policy  or you have any questions or comments     about the practice and operation of the Privacy Policy. You can contact us by     Customer Service Hotline(or Email).   