   Sportractive   Toggle navigation  App (current)  About  Help   Privacy Policy Sportractive App  The Sportractive App uses the following personal data:   Birthday: For the calculation of the heart rate zone and the body measure  Weight: To calculate the energy consumption of a workout and the body measure  Gender: To calculate the energy consumption of a workout and the body measure  Size: To calculate the energy consumption of a workout and the body measure   The Sportractive App can be used without the above mentioned data. But the functionality of energy and heart rate zone calculation is not given then.  These personal data will remain exclusively on the phone and are not transmitted through the Sportractive App. By uninstalling the Sportractive App these data will also be deleted.  The Sportractive app uses the current GPS position consisting of longitude and latitude to load the map from Google.com and the local weather data from Sportractive.com. Together with the weather data  error counters are transmitted. These contain no personal data and are used for debugging. The transmission of weather data and error counter can be deactivated. The GPS position  rounded to degrees  is used to load the digital elevation model from Sportractive.com. The loading of the digital elevation model can be deactivated. If the Sportractive App crashes  a bug report is sent to Sportractive.com. This bug report does not contain any personal information and ist used for debugging only.  No registration or internet community membership is needed to use the Sportractive App.  The Sportractive app offers sharing  sync  upload and export functions.  With these a user can share data  entered or collected by the use of the app   with other apps or internet services.  Data entered or collected by use of the Sportractive app will be stored in the hidden  app folder on your mobile device. Unless the security mechanisms of the mobile device  have been bypassed  the data can only be read by the app itself.  Data in the hidden app folder is not encrypted.  We recommend installing firmware updates from the manufacturer immediately   set up a secure device lock and enable device encryption.  Although the Sportractive app does not send personal data to Sportractive.com   each user has the right to ask if and what kind of information is stored about him/her.  Users also have the right to correct  restrict the processing and deletion of the data  as well as data portability. Requests can be sent to privacy@sportractive.com .  If you feel the need to make a complaint about Sportractive’s data protection practices  the relevant authority is the BayLDA: https://www.lda.bayern.de/en/complaint.html .       Imprint | Privacy Policy | de | en | pt | fr |  Copyright 2019 Sportractive.    