     Support Center     Contact Us  Support Miscellaneous Privacy Policy   Privacy Policy  This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their 'Personally Identifiable Information' (PII) is being used online. PII  as described in US privacy law and information security  is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify  contact  or locate a single person  or to identify an individual in context. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect  use  protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our application. What personal information do we collect from the Users who download the application? After installing the application  you may be asked to enter your Name  Email address  Date of Birth  Gender  Weight  Height  Waist and Hip measurements or other details to help you with your experience. When do we collect information? We collect information from you when you create a User Profile after installing the application. How do we use your information? We may use the information we collect from you when you register or make a purchase in the following ways: • To personalize your experience and to allow us to calculate various health related parameters including your Ideal Weight  Recommended Calorie Intake  Target Heart Rate  etc. • To allow us to better service you in responding to your customer service requests. • To quickly process your transactions. Security The security of your Personal Information is important to us. We do not store any information in cloud or any data center if the User is not authenticated. We are also partnered with Google to authenticate your email and store your information in cloud  if required. Third-party disclosure We do not sell  trade or transfer your Personally Identifiable Information to outside parties at any cost. We do not include or offer third-party products or services on our application. Google Analytics We use Google Analytics in our application to gain insights about User's behavior. No User related information is tracked with Google Analytics. Google AdSense We use Google AdSense Advertising on our application. Google's advertising requirements can be summed up by Google's Advertising Principles. They are put in place to provide a positive experience for Users. https://support.google.com/adwordspolicy/answer/1316548?hl=en  COPPA (Children Online Privacy Protection Act) We do not specifically market to children under the age of 13 years old. Fair Information Practices The Fair Information Practices Principles form the backbone of privacy law in the United States and the concepts they include have played a significant role in the development of data protection laws around the globe. Understanding the Fair Information Practice Principles and how they should be implemented is critical to comply with the various privacy laws that protect personal information. In order to be in line with Fair Information Practices   should there be a data breach occur  We will notify you via email within 7 business days. Contacting Us : If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy  you may contact us using the information below. feedback.droidinfinity@gmail.com   Still need help?  Contact Us   Browse by Topic   Health Infinity Premium  Miscellaneous  General Questions   Powered by HelpSite 