   Zulumaniya Privacy Policy  This Privacy Policy was last modified on June 20  2020.  Services provided by Zulumaniya (us  we  or our) include all our websites and all our mobile applications on all platforms (the Service). This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection  use and disclosure of Personal Information and Non-Personal Information we receive from users of the Service. By using the Service  you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy  please do not use any of our Platforms. We reserve the right to make changes to this Privacy Policy at any time. Please check the Privacy Policy each time you use our Platforms to ensure you are aware of any changes in our privacy practices. Our Privacy Policy will indicate the date it was last updated. Your continued use of our Platforms will signify your acceptance of the changes to our Privacy Policy.  Children Under 13  We care about protecting the privacy of children. We won't knowingly allow anyone under 13 to provide us any personally identifying information. Children should always get permission from their parents before sending any information about themselves (such as their names  email addresses  and phone numbers) over the Internet  to us or to anyone else. If you're under 13  please do not provide us with any personally identifying information.  What information we collect  Personal Information  We use technologies like cookies on our website (small files stored by your browser or operating system) to anonymously identify your computer or device. Our systems also logs information like your browser  operating system  Android Device ID and Advertising ID and anonymous usage data so we can deliver a better experience. We do not sell  trade  or rent Users personal identification information to others.  Non-Personal Information  When you use our services we automatically record information about your usage of those services.     This tracking information cannot identify you as un individual.   Cookies. We may use the standard cookies feature of major browses that allows us to store     a small piece of data on your device about your visit to our Services. We do not set any personally identifiable     information in cookies  nor do we employ any data capture mechanisms on our Services other than cookies.     You can choose whether to accept cookies by changing the settings on your browser  but if you block cookies      you may not be able to view or access some of the features of our Services.   Web Beacons. Web beacons are small strings of code that embed a small invisible graphic image     on a web page or in an email or advertisement. When your browser downloads a web beacon  the server that sends     the corresponding image to your browser can recognize and store certain types of information such as cookies     previously set  the time and date that you viewed the page embedded with the beacon and a description of that page.   Traffic Information. As many services  we gather certain information automatically and store     it in log files. This information includes Internet protocol (IP) addresses  smart phone or tablet MAC addresses      browser type  internet service provider (ISP)  referring/exit pages  operating system  date/time stamp  and     clickstream data. We use this information to analyze trends  administer the Service  track users' movements     around the Service and gather demographic information about our user base as a whole.   Advertising and Third Party Cookies. We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads     when you visit our Service. These third parties include business partners and advertising networks      which collect information about your interests when you view or interact with one of their advertisements.     These third parties use cookies and other technologies to collect information about your use of the Service.     The information gathered by these third parties is used to make predictions about your interest or preferences     so that they can display advertisements or promotional material on this Service and on other services across     the Internet tailored to your apparent interests. Google  as a third-party vendor  uses cookies to serve ads on our Services. Google's use of the DART cookie     enables it to serve ads based on your visit to this Service and other websites on the Internet.     You may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy .  How we use the information we collect   Personal Information. We use technologies like cookies on our website (small files stored by your browser or operating system) to anonymously identify your computer or device. Our systems also logs information like your browser  operating system  Android Device ID and Advertising ID and anonymous usage data so we can deliver a better experience. We do not sell  trade  or rent Users personal identification information to others   Non-Personal Information. Generally non-personal information is used internally to monitor and improve the Service  to perform     analyses of the behavior of our users  to measure user demographics and interests  to describe our services to third parties such as advertisers     and to analyze how and where best to use our resources. We do not combine Non-Personal Information with Personal Information.  How we share the information we collect   Personal Information. We do not sell  trade  or rent Users personal identification information to others.   Non-Personal Information. We accept advertisements from Third Parties ad networks which may be displayed in our Service.     We may share certain information with third-party advertisers  ad networks and ad platforms (Advertising Entities) to develop and deliver     targeted advertising in the Service. We may also allow Advertising Entities to collect non-personal information within the Services which they     may share with us  including your device identifier  device type  device brand  device model  network type  device language  and IP address.     Advertising entities may also collect non-personal information related to the performance of the advertisements  such as how many times an     advertisement is shown  how long an advertisement is viewed  and any click-throughs of an advertisement.  Links to third-party websites and services  The Service may contain links to other websites and online services  including third-party advertisements.     If you choose to click through to one of these other websites or online services  please note that any information you may provide     will be subject to the privacy policy and other terms and conditions of that websites or service  and not to this Privacy Policy.     We do not control third-party websites or services  and the fact that a link to such a website or service appears in the Service     does not mean that we endorse them or have approved their policies or practices relating to user information.     Before providing any information to any third-party website or service  we encourage you to review the privacy policy and other terms     and conditions of that website or service.  Our software products include features from our partners  such as social media interaction tools and in-game advertising. A list of these partners is available below. These partners may access your data and operate under their own privacy policies. We encourage you to check their privacy policies to learn more about their data processing practices:   Google Analytics for Firebase. Their privacy policy can be found here: http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/    Google AdSense. Their privacy policy can be found here: http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/    Google Admob. Their privacy policy can be found here: http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/    Appmetrica Yandex. Their privacy policy can be found here: https://yandex.ru/legal/confidential/    Facebook Analytics for Apps. Their privacy policy can be found here: https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/   Security  We take reasonable measures to maintain the security and integrity of our Service and prevent unauthorized access to it or use thereof     through generally accepted industry standard technologies and internal procedures.     Please note  however  that there are inherent risks in transmission of information over the Internet or other methods of electronic     storage and we cannot guarantee that unauthorized access or use will never occur.  Compliance with laws and law enforcement  We reserve the right to share your information with third parties if we believe such action is necessary in order to:     (1) conform with the requirements of the law or to comply with legal process served upon us;     (2) protect or defend our legal rights or property (3) investigate  prevent or take action regarding illegal activities      suspected fraud  situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person or violations of the terms and     conditions of using our Service.  Changes to this privacy policy  We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on the Service.     You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Your continued use of the Service following the posting of     changes will mean you accept those changes.  Contacting us  If you have any questions or comments about this Policy or our privacy practices  or to report any violations of the Policy or abuse of the Service      please contact us at gerypuzzle@gmail.com .  