    0 No products in the cart.  Cart  Total: $ 0.00    About Hormonology Hormone Horoscope Gabrielle Lichterman Join My Mission Testimonials Videos Learn Female Hormone Cycle Male Hormone Cycle Free Hormonology eBooks Hormonology Guides Hormonology Road Map Recommendations Consultation Talks & Workshops Cycle Overview for Adults Multi-Session Workshops Cycle Overview for Teens Cycle Overview for Men Business Booster Blog Subscribe Apps Hormone Horoscope Lite Hormone Horoscope Pro Hormone Horoscope Teen Lite Hormone Horoscope Teen Pro Hormone Horoscope Classic Female Forecaster Books Contact Media About Hormonology Hormone Horoscope Gabrielle Lichterman Join My Mission Testimonials Videos Learn Female Hormone Cycle Male Hormone Cycle Free Hormonology eBooks Hormonology Guides Hormonology Road Map Recommendations Consultation Talks & Workshops Cycle Overview for Adults Multi-Session Workshops Cycle Overview for Teens Cycle Overview for Men Business Booster Blog Subscribe Apps Hormone Horoscope Lite Hormone Horoscope Pro Hormone Horoscope Teen Lite Hormone Horoscope Teen Pro Hormone Horoscope Classic Female Forecaster Books Contact Media  Search: Privacy Statement Home > Privacy Statement Privacy Statement  Last updated: August 11  2018  Hormonology App Privacy Policy  No data about your menstrual cycle settings  Diary entries  Notes or other usage habits in any Hormonology app (including the Hormone Horoscope Lite  Pro  Classic  Teen and Female Forecaster) is ever collected  stored or given in any way to third parties. In fact  there is no built-in data collection system in any Hormonology app at all. That’s because the privacy of your app usage is important—too important to sell  share or view for any reason. This is why it’s key for you to back up any Diary or Notes entries you create by emailing them to yourself regularly or using cloud storage since all data you input remains on your own device. The app creator  Gabrielle Lichterman  and her app team have no access to it.  Hormonology  LLC Website Privacy Policy  Hormonology  LLC operates MyHormonology.com and FemaleForecaster.com. This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection  use and disclosure of Personal Information we receive from users of the Sites.  We use your Personal Information only for providing and improving the Site. By using the Site  you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy.  Information Collection And Use  While using our Site  we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you. Personally identifiable information may include  but is not limited to your name (“Personal Information”).  Log Data  Like many site operators  we collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our Site (“Log Data”).  This Log Data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol (“IP”) address  browser type  browser version  the pages of our Site that you visit  the time and date of your visit  the time spent on those pages and other statistics.  In addition  we may use third party services such as Google Analytics and ClickyStats that collect  monitor and analyze this.  Communications  We may use Personal Information you freely provide to contact you with newsletters  marketing or promotional materials and other information that you may find relevant. You can opt out at any time.  Cookies  Cookies are files with small amount of data  which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a web site and stored on your computer’s hard drive.  Like many sites  we use “cookies” to collect information. You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However  if you do not accept cookies  you may not be able to use some portions of our Site.  Security  The security of your Personal Information is important to us  but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet  or method of electronic storage  is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information  we cannot guarantee its absolute security.  Changes To This Privacy Policy  This Privacy Policy is effective as of August 11  2018 and will remain in effect except with respect to any changes in its provisions in the future  which will be in effect immediately after being posted on this page.  We reserve the right to update or change our Privacy Policy at any time and you should check this Privacy Policy periodically. Your continued use of the Service after we post any modifications to the Privacy Policy on this page will constitute your acknowledgment of the modifications and your consent to abide and be bound by the modified Privacy Policy.  If we make any material changes to this Privacy Policy  we will notify you either through the email address you have provided us  or by placing a prominent notice on our website.  Contact  If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy  please contact the owner of this site  Gabrielle Lichterman  at Gabrielle@MyHormonology.com .    Hormonology & Gabrielle In 2005  Gabrielle Lichterman's groundbreaking book  28 Days  pioneered the movement among women to live in sync with their menstrual cycles and know more about all the ways their hormones impact their moods  health and behavior. Gabrielle founded Hormonology® as a way to continue sharing this vital information about hormones. Services Consultation Talks Top Apps Hormone Horoscope App “Pro” Female Forecaster Stay Connected Hormonology® and Hormone Horoscope® are registered trademarks of Gabrielle Lichterman. All Hormonology® logos  graphics and text are property of Hormonology  LLC and cannot be reproduced without permission.  Privacy Policy Made with by Niall Flynn                       