   Privacy Policy  We at VRV Apps made this privacy policy helps you understand how VRV Apps collects uses and discloses information.   We at VRV Apps takes user privacy very seriously. We may collect and use your relevant information in order to improve the quality of our services. We recommend that you read the Privacy Policy in detail. By using our Apps or services  you agree with the collection  storage and use of your information as long as it follows the context stated here and the adherence of local laws and regulations.  How we use or share user information  VRV Apps may use ads and ad-relating features in the VRV Apps Services. This allows ad servers to compile information about your viewing and interaction with their ad and deliver targeted ads that they believe will be of most interest to you. VRV Apps has third-party ads in its mobile applications and collects your Device ID and may pass it to advertisers to enable certain advertising. VRV Apps does not store or otherwise save your Device ID.  How we protect your information  We have taken care and implemented commercially reasonable technical and organizational measures to protect your personal information from accidental loss and from loss  misuse and unauthorized access  disclosure  alteration and destruction. However  please note that although we take reasonable measures to protect your information  no app  website  Internet transmission  computer system or wireless connection is completely secure.  Children's Privacy  We are committed to protecting the privacy of children. We do not intentionally collect personal information from children under the age of 13.  APP Permissions ans we collect and use  1. Location (network-based)  This permission allows us to identify and display your location on map  2. Wallpaper  This permission allows users to crop or resize the wallpaper to the expected size.  3. Network  This permission is used in settings and notification toolbar  in order to change or check network connectivity.  4. Vibration  This permission allows us to configure the as per the user settings.  5. History  Retrieve running apps and history  6. Status bar  This permission is used for the gesture feature of us User System to expand and collapse the status bar.  7. Full network access  This permission is used to access the device’s network for certain functions including receiving update notifications.  8. Install shortcuts  This permission is used to install shortcuts on other launchers for accessing our applications  9. Storage  This permission allows us to delete/modify any app data likes image  text  audio etc in storage..  10. Settings  This permission is used in our apps to modify Phone settings. Eg: Changing the Ring tone  vibratio leves screen brightness levels etc.  11. Media  Modify or delete the contents of your USB storage.  12. Phone state  This permission allows us to recognize an incoming or outgoing call and to switch between the User System interface and call interface or announces or shows the caller name for a incoming call.  13. Messages  We do not store or upload any of your messages.  14. Contacts  We does not srore or upload any of your contacts. Permission to access contact information is used when you search contacts in the search bar.  15. Retrieve running apps  This permission is order to view the running apps.  16. Boot  Some of Our Apps will run in background services.  17. Camera  We do not store or upload any your photos or videos. This permission allows us to use your device’s camera to take photos or videos and turn ON/OFF Camera Flash.  Changes to the Privacy Policy  When there is an update on the Privacy Policy  we will display the update date at the top of the Policy in an obvious position. We recommend that you carefully check the updated content time time; when you continue to use our products or services  we shall always assume that you agree to the terms and conditions that are effective at the most present time.  Contact us  We take customor questions seriously..If users has any doubts aor question about policy they can contact at support@vrvapps.com  