   Terms of Service Last updated: April 13  2020 Yes.Fit provides fitness experiences that help you start moving and stay moving  and empower you to lead a healthier  more active life. These Terms of Service ('Terms') apply to your access and use of Yes.Fit. 'Yes.Fit' includes our applications  software  websites  APIs  products  and services. These Terms are an agreement between you and IR4C Inc. dba Yes.Fit  4121 Drane Field Road  Lakeland  FL 33811 U.S.A. When the Terms mention 'Yes.Fit ' 'we ' 'us ' or 'our ' they refer to the party to your agreement that provides you with Yes.Fit. You must accept these Terms to create a Yes.Fit account and to access or use Yes.Fit. If you do not have an account  you accept these Terms by using any part of Yes.Fit. If you do not accept these terms  do not create an account or use Yes.Fit. 1. READ OUR PRIVACY POLICY For information about our data practices  please see our Privacy Policy   including our Cookie Use statement. By accessing or using Yes.Fit  you agree that we can collect and use your information in accordance with the Privacy Policy . 2. USE OF YES.FIT Persons under the age of 13  or any higher minimum age in the jurisdiction where that person resides  are not permitted to access or use Yes.Fit unless their parent has consented in accordance with applicable law. Additionally  you cannot access or use Yes.Fit if you are barred from receiving services under applicable law or have previously been suspended or removed from Yes.Fit. 3. CREATING AN ACCOUNT Full use of Yes.Fit requires that you create an account by providing us with information such as your full name and a valid email address  as well as a strong password. You are responsible for all activity that occurs in association with your account. Yes.Fit is not liable for any loss or damages caused by your failure to maintain the confidentiality of your account credentials. Please contact Customer Support if you discover or suspect any security breach related to Yes.Fit or your account. 4. NECESSARY EQUIPMENT Full use of Yes.Fit is dependent upon your use of a computer with adequate software or a supported mobile device and Internet access. The maintenance and security of this equipment may influence the performance of Yes.Fit and it is your responsibility to ensure the equipment's functionality. You are responsible for all Internet access charges. Please check with your Internet provider for information on possible Internet data usage charges. 5. POSTING YOUR CONTENT ON YES.FIT Yes.Fit may enable you to post  upload  store  share  send  or display photos  images  video  data  text  music  exercise regimens  food logs  recipes  comments  and other information and content ('Your Content') to and via Yes.Fit. You retain all rights to Your Content that you post to Yes.Fit. By making Your Content available on or through Yes.Fit you hereby grant to Yes.Fit a non-exclusive  transferable  sublicensable  worldwide  royalty-free license to use  copy  modify  publicly display  publicly perform  reproduce  translate  create derivative works from  and distribute Your Content  in whole or in part  including your name and likeness  in any media. The rights you grant us in this Section 5 are only for the limited purpose of offering and improving Yes.Fit. You are responsible for Your Content. You represent and warrant that you own Your Content or that you have all the rights necessary to grant us a license to use Your Content as described in these Terms. You represent and warrant that Your Content  the use and provision of Your Content on Yes.Fit  and your use of Yes.Fit will not (a) infringe  misappropriate  or violate a third party's patent  copyright  trademark  trade secret  moral rights  or other intellectual property rights  or rights of publicity or privacy; (b) violate  or encourage any conduct that would violate  any applicable law or regulation or would give rise to civil liability; (c) be fraudulent  false  misleading  or deceptive; (d) be defamatory  obscene  pornographic  vulgar  or offensive; (e) promote discrimination  bigotry  racism  hatred  harassment  or harm against any individual or group; (f) be violent or threatening or promote violence or actions that are threatening to any person or entity; or (g) promote illegal or harmful activities or substances. You further agree not to (1) upload any content that contains software viruses or is designed to interrupt  destroy  or limit the functionality of any equipment or services  or that contains other harmful  disruptive  or destructive files or content; (2) use or attempt to use another user's account without authorization  or impersonate any person or entity; (3) harvest  solicit  or collect information of other users for any reason whatsoever  including  without limitation  for sending unsolicited communications; (4) post  advertise  or promote products or services commercially  or upload any content that is advertising  promotional material  junk mail  spam  or a contest or sweepstake  or that furthers or promotes criminal activity; or (5) use Yes.Fit in any manner that  in our sole discretion  is objectionable or restricts or inhibits any other person from using or enjoying Yes.Fit  or which may expose us or our users to any harm or liability of any type. Yes.Fit may  in its sole discretion  alter  remove  or refuse to display any of Your Content  and may forbid you from posting  uploading  storing  sharing  sending  or displaying Your Content to and via Yes.Fit. 6. YES.FIT'S RIGHTS 'Yes.Fit Content' includes any photos  images  graphics  video  audio  data  text  music  exercise regimens  food logs  recipes  comments  software  works of authorship of any kind  and other information  content  or other materials that are posted  generated  provided  or otherwise made available through Yes.Fit. Yes.Fit Content  Yes .Fit  and its underlying technology are protected by copyright  trademark  patent  intellectual property  and other laws. We reserve all rights not expressly set forth in these Terms. You agree not to remove  change or obscure any copyright  trademark  service mark  or other proprietary rights notices incorporated in or accompanying Yes.Fit. Our logos and any other Yes.Fit trademarks that may appear on Yes.Fit  and the overall look and feel of Yes.Fit  including page headers  graphics  icons  and scripts  may not be copied  imitated or used  in whole or in part  without our prior written permission. Other trademarks  product  and service names and company names or logos mentioned on Yes.Fit are the property of their respective owners and may not be copied  imitated or used  in whole or in part  without the permission of the applicable trademark holder. 7. WHAT YOU CAN DO ON YES.FIT Yes.Fit is intended for your personal use. Yes.Fit grants you a limited  non-exclusive  non-transferable  non-sublicensable  revocable license to (1) access and use Yes.Fit  (2) access and view the Yes.Fit Content  and (3) access and use the software and mobile applications provided by Yes.Fit. With respect to item (3)  this license includes any third-party software embedded in any Yes.Fit Service. This license is provided solely for your personal  non-commercial use and enjoyment of Yes.Fit as permitted in these Terms. You will not use  sublicense  copy  adapt  modify  translate  disclose  prepare derivative works based upon  distribute  license  sell  rent  lease  assign  transfer  publicly display  publicly perform  transmit  broadcast  or otherwise exploit the Yes.Fit Content  Yes.Fit Service or any portion thereof (including any third-party software)  except as expressly permitted in these Terms. No licenses or rights are granted to you by implication or otherwise under any intellectual property rights owned or controlled by Yes.Fit or its licensors  except for the licenses and rights expressly granted in these Terms. Except to the extent permitted by law  you may not perform  attempt to perform  or encourage or assist others in performing any of the following while accessing or using Yes.Fit: (1) use  display  mirror  or frame Yes.Fit or any individual element within Yes.Fit  including the layout and design of any page  without Yes.Fit's express written consent; (2) use Yes.Fit's name  any Yes.Fit trademark or logo  or any Yes.Fit proprietary information without Yes.Fit's express written consent; (3) access or tamper with non-public areas of Yes.Fit  Yes.Fit's computer systems  or the technical delivery systems of Yes.Fit's providers; (4) test the vulnerability of any Yes.Fit system or breach any security or authentication measures; (5) circumvent any technological measure implemented by Yes.Fit or any of Yes.Fit's providers or any other third party (including another user) to protect Yes.Fit; (6) access Yes.Fit or Yes.Fit Content through the use of any mechanism other than through the use of an Authorized Connection  Yes.Fit Service  or Yes.Fit API; or (7) modify  decompile  disassemble  reverse engineer  tamper with  or otherwise attempt to derive the source code of any software that Yes.Fit provides to you or any other part of Yes.Fit. 8. HYPERLINKS You are granted a limited  nonexclusive  and nontransferable right to create a text hyperlink to Yes.Fit for noncommercial purposes  provided that such link does not portray us or any of our products or services in a false  misleading  derogatory  or otherwise defamatory manner  and provided further that the linking site does not contain any adult or illegal material or any material that is offensive  harassing  or otherwise objectionable. This limited right may be revoked at any time in Yes.Fit's sole discretion. 9. OUR ENFORCEMENT RIGHTS We reserve the right (but are not required) to remove or disable access to Yes.Fit  any Yes.Fit Content  or Your Content at any time and without notice  and at our sole discretion  if we determine that the Yes.Fit Content  Your Content  or your use of Yes.Fit is objectionable or in violation of these Terms. We have the right to investigate violations of these Terms and any conduct that affects Yes.Fit  and in response may take any action we may deem appropriate. 10. USE YES.FIT AT YOUR OWN RISK If you rely on any Yes.Fit Content or Yes.Fit  you do so solely at your own risk. Our goal is to provide helpful and accurate information on Yes.Fit  but we make no endorsement  representation  or warranty of any kind about any Yes.Fit Content  information  or services. We are not responsible for the accuracy  reliability  availability  effectiveness  or correct use of information you receive through Yes.Fit. Yes.Fit Content and Yes.Fit may change from time to time or vary by geographic location. Maps  directions  and other GPS or navigation data  including data relating to your current location  may be unavailable  inaccurate  or incomplete. Use of Yes.Fit should not replace your good judgment and common sense. Please read and comply with all safety notices that accompany your use of Yes.Fit. 11. CONSULT YOUR DOCTOR BEFORE USING YES.FIT Yes.Fit is not intended to diagnose  treat  cure  or prevent any disease. If you have a medical or heart condition  consult your doctor before using Yes.Fit  engaging in an exercise program  or changing your diet. If you experience a medical emergency  stop using Yes.Fit and consult with a medical professional. We are not responsible for any health problems that may result from training programs  consultations  products  or events you learn about through Yes.Fit. If you engage in any exercise program you receive or learn about through Yes.Fit  you agree that you do so at your own risk and are voluntarily participating in these activities. 12. DMCA/COPYRIGHT POLICY Yes.Fit respects the intellectual property of others and expects its users to do the same. It is Yes.Fit's policy  in appropriate circumstances and at our discretion  to disable or terminate the accounts of users who repeatedly infringe the rights of copyright holders. 13. TERMS OF SALE  RETURNS AND WARRANTY  AND PAID SERVICES Terms of Sale and Returns and Warranty Yes.Fit's Terms of Sale and Returns and Warranty Policy apply to purchases of physical goods from Yes.Fit. The Terms of Sale are incorporated into and made a part of these Terms. All orders placed are subject to Yes.Fit's acceptance. We may accept  decline  or place limits on your order for any reason. Paid Services Your purchase and use of any of our paid services are subject to the Yes.Fit Terms for Paid Services  which are incorporated into these Terms. 14. FEEDBACK AND SUBMISSIONS POLICY If you submit comments  ideas  or feedback to us  you agree that we can use  disclose  reproduce  distribute  and exploit them without any restriction or compensation to you. We do not waive any rights to use similar or related ideas or feedback previously known to us  developed by Yes.Fit  or obtained from sources other than you. Our Feedback and Submissions Policy is also part of the Terms. 15. CONTESTS AND GIVEAWAYS Additional terms and conditions may apply to surveys  contests  giveaways  and other promotions sponsored by Yes.Fit or its partners. It is your responsibility to carefully review those terms and conditions. 16. ALERTS AND NOTIFICATIONS As part of your use of Yes.Fit  you may receive notifications  text messages  alerts  emails  and other electronic communications. You agree to the receipt of these communications. We may need to provide you with certain communications  such as service announcements and administrative messages. You are responsible for any messaging or data fees you may be charged by your wireless carrier. Any notices  agreements  disclosures  or other communications that we send to you electronically will satisfy any legal communication requirements  including that the communication be in writing. 17. THIRD-PARTY SERVICES Yes.Fit may display or permit linking or other access to  or use of third-party content  promotions  websites  apps  services and resources (collectively 'Third-Party Services') that are not under Yes.Fit's control. This may include the opportunity for you to link your Yes.Fit account  Yes.Fit data  or Yes.Fit with Third-Party Services. We provide these links only as a convenience and are not responsible for the products  services  or other content that are available from Third-Party Services. You acknowledge that any Third-Party Services that you use in connection with Yes.Fit  such as third party applications accessed on Yes.Fit devices  are not part of Yes.Fit and are not controlled by Yes.Fit  and you take sole responsibility and assume all risk arising from your interaction with or use of any Third-Party Services. You also acknowledge that these Terms and the Yes.Fit Privacy Policy do not apply to any Third-Party Services. You are responsible for reading and understanding the terms and conditions and privacy policy that applies to your use of any Third-Party Services. 18. CHANGES TO YES.FIT Yes.Fit may change or discontinue  temporarily or permanently  any feature  component  or content of Yes.Fit at any time without notice. Yes.Fit is not liable to you or to any third party for any modification  suspension  or discontinuance of any feature  component  or content of Yes.Fit. We reserve the right to determine the timing and content of software updates  which may be automatically downloaded and installed by Yes.Fit products without prior notice to you. 19. TERMINATION We reserve the right to suspend or deactivate your account or your access to certain aspects or all of Yes.Fit  or to terminate these Terms  at our sole discretion  at any time and without notice or liability to you. Upon any such suspension  deactivation  or termination  we may delete or remove Your Content and other information related to your account. You may close your account at any time by contacting Customer Support. 20. DISCLAIMERS YES.FIT AND YES.FIT CONTENT ARE PROVIDED 'AS IS ' WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND. WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING  WE EXPLICITLY DISCLAIM ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THESE TERMS OR YES.FIT  INCLUDING ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY  FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE  QUIET ENJOYMENT OR NON-INFRINGEMENT  AND ANY WARRANTIES ARISING OUT OF COURSE OF DEALING OR USAGE OF TRADE. We make no warranty that Yes.Fit or Yes.Fit Content will meet your requirements or be available on an uninterrupted  secure  or error-free basis. We make no warranty regarding the quality  accuracy  timeliness  truthfulness  completeness  or reliability of Yes.Fit or any Yes.Fit Content. 21. INDEMNITY You will indemnify and hold harmless Yes.Fit or its officers  directors  employees  affiliates  agents  licensors  and contractors from and against any claims  suits  actions  demands  disputes  allegations  or investigations brought by any third party  governmental authority  or industry body  and all liabilities  damages  losses  costs  and expenses  including without limitation reasonable attorneys' fees  arising out of or in any way connected with ( i ) your access to or use of Yes.Fit  (ii) Your Content  (iii) your breach or alleged breach of any warranties made by you hereunder or your violation of any other provision of these Terms  or (iv) your violation of any law or the rights of a third-party. We reserve the right to assume control of the defense of any third-party claim that is subject to indemnification by you  in which event you will cooperate with us in asserting any available defenses. 22. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY NEITHER YES.FIT  ITS SUPPLIERS  OR LICENSORS  NOR ANY OTHER PARTY INVOLVED IN CREATING  PRODUCING  OR DELIVERING YES.FIT WILL BE LIABLE FOR ANY INCIDENTAL  SPECIAL  EXEMPLARY  OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES  INCLUDING LOST PROFITS  LOSS OF DATA OR GOODWILL  SERVICE INTERRUPTION  COMPUTER DAMAGE  OR SYSTEM FAILURE OR THE COST OF SUBSTITUTE SERVICES ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THESE TERMS OR FROM THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE YES.FIT  WHETHER BASED ON WARRANTY  CONTRACT  TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE)  PRODUCT LIABILITY  OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY  AND WHETHER OR NOT YES.FIT HAS BEEN INFORMED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES  EVEN IF A LIMITED REMEDY SET FORTH HEREIN IS FOUND TO HAVE FAILED OF ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE. IN NO EVENT WILL YES.FIT'S TOTAL LIABILITY ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THESE TERMS OR FROM THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE YES.FIT EXCEED THE AMOUNTS YOU HAVE PAID TO YES.FIT FOR USE OF YES.FIT OR ONE HUNDRED DOLLARS ($100)  IF YOU HAVE NOT HAD ANY PAYMENT OBLIGATIONS TO YES.FIT  AS APPLICABLE. THE EXCLUSIONS AND LIMITATIONS OF DAMAGES SET FORTH ABOVE ARE FUNDAMENTAL ELEMENTS OF THE BASIS OF THE BARGAIN BETWEEN YES.FIT AND YOU. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF LIABILITY FOR CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES  SO THE ABOVE LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. 23. DISPUTE RESOLUTION PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING SECTION CAREFULLY BECAUSE IT REQUIRES YOU TO ARBITRATE CERTAIN DISPUTES AND CLAIMS WITH US AND LIMITS THE MANNER IN WHICH YOU CAN SEEK RELIEF FROM US. You agree that any dispute between you and Yes.Fit arising out of or relating to these Terms of Service  Yes .Fit  or any other Yes.Fit products or services (collectively  'Disputes') will be governed by the arbitration procedure outlined below. Governing Law: Except as otherwise required by applicable law  the Terms of Service and the resolution of any Disputes shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Florida without regard to its conflict of laws principles. Informal Dispute Resolution: We want to address your concerns without needing a formal legal case. Before filing a claim against Yes.Fit  you agree to try to resolve the Dispute informally by contacting info@yes.fit . We'll try to resolve the Dispute informally by contacting you through email. If a dispute is not resolved within 45 days after submission  you or Yes.Fit may bring a formal proceeding. We Both Agree To Arbitrate: You and Yes.Fit agree to resolve any Disputes through final and binding arbitration. Opt-out of Agreement to Arbitrate: You can decline this agreement to arbitrate by contacting info@Yes.Fit.com within 15 days of first accepting these Terms of Service and stating that you (include your first and last name) decline this arbitration agreement. No Class Actions: You may only resolve Disputes with Yes.Fit on an individual basis  and may not bring a claim as a plaintiff or a class member in a class  consolidated  or representative action. Class arbitrations  class actions  private attorney general actions  and consolidation with other arbitrations are not allowed under our agreement. Judicial Forum for Disputes: Except as otherwise required by applicable law  in the event that the agreement to arbitrate is found not to apply to you or your claim  you and Yes.Fit agree that any judicial proceeding (other than small claims actions) will be brought in the federal or state courts of Polk County  Florida. Both you and Yes.Fit consent to venue and personal jurisdiction there. We both agree to waive our right to a jury trial. Limitation on Claims: Regardless of any statute or law to the contrary  any claim or cause of action arising out of or related to your use of the Yes.Fit products or Yes.Fit Service must be filed within one (1) year after such claim or cause of action arose  or else that claim or cause of action will be barred forever. 24. GENERAL TERMS Except as otherwise stated herein  these Terms constitutes the entire and exclusive understanding and agreement between Yes.Fit and you  and these Terms supersede and replace any and all prior oral or written understandings or agreements between Yes.Fit and you regarding Yes.Fit and Yes.Fit Content. When you use Yes.Fit after a modification of these Terms become effective  you are telling us that you accept the modified Terms. If for any reason a court of competent jurisdiction finds any provision of these Terms invalid or unenforceable  that provision will be enforced to the maximum extent permissible and the other provisions of these Terms will remain in full force and effect. You may not assign  delegate  or transfer these Terms  by operation of law or otherwise  without Yes.Fit's prior written consent. Any attempt by you to assign or transfer these Terms  without such consent  will be null. Yes.Fit may freely assign or transfer these Terms without restriction. Subject to the foregoing  these Terms will bind and inure to the benefit of the parties  their successors  and permitted assigns. Any notices or other communications provided by Yes.Fit under these Terms  including those regarding modifications to these Terms  will be given: ( i ) via email or (ii) by posting to Yes.Fit. For notices made by e-mail  the date of receipt on the message will be deemed the date on which such notice is transmitted. Yes.Fit's failure to enforce any right or provision of these Terms will not be considered a waiver of such right or provision. The waiver of any such right or provision will be effective only if in writing and signed by a duly authorized representative of Yes.Fit. Except as expressly set forth in these Terms  the exercise by either party of any of its remedies under these Terms will be without prejudice to its other remedies under these Terms or otherwise. 25. ADDITIONAL TERMS MAY APPLY Additional terms may apply to certain products or services. In the event that there is a conflict between these Terms and any additional terms  the additional terms will control. CONTACT US PLEASE CONTACT US IF YOU HAVE ANY QUESTIONS ABOUT THESE TERMS. You may contact us at info@yes.fit or at our mailing address below. IR4C Inc. dba Yes.Fit 4121 Drane Field Road Lakeland  FL 33811 U.S.A YES.FIT TERMS FOR PAID SERVICES These Yes.Fit Terms for Paid Services (the 'Paid Service Terms') apply to your purchase and use of any paid Yes.Fit services  including automatically renewing subscription services ('Programs') and purchases (collectively the 'Paid Services'). By purchasing or using a Paid Service  you agree to be bound by the Yes.Fit Terms of Service  which incorporate these Paid Service Terms and include a mandatory arbitration provision  and any separate terms and conditions presented to you in conjunction with your use of the Paid Services. If you do not accept these terms  do not purchase  access  or use our Paid Services. 1. PAID SERVICES Paid Services include content and personalized  interactive services. They may be one-time purchases or automatically renewing subscription services. We may make changes to  suspend  or discontinue Paid Services at any time for any reason  and we have the sole discretion to determine which portions of Yes.Fit require payment. 2. SUBSCRIPTIONS Automatically Renewing Subscriptions. Your Subscription term may vary  for example  with monthly or annual automatic renewal terms (a 'Subscription Term')  as described in the course of your transaction. Your Subscription will automatically renew for additional Subscription Terms as long as your Subscription continues until you cancel it or we suspend or stop providing the Subscription in accordance with our Terms of Service. Unless otherwise indicated by us  you will be charged prior to  or at the beginning of each renewal term. Subscription Cancellation. You may cancel your Subscription at any time. Your cancellation will take effect at the end of the current Subscription Term. In the event you cancel your Subscription  note that we may still send you promotional communications about Yes.Fit  unless you opt out of receiving those communications by following the unsubscribe instructions provided in the communications. No Refunds on Subscriptions. When you cancel a Subscription  you cancel only future charges for your Subscription. You will not receive a refund for the current Subscription Term you paid for  but you will continue to have full access to that Subscription until the end of that current Subscription Term. At any time for any reason  we may provide a refund  discount  or other consideration ('credits') to some or all of our users. The amount and form of such credits  and the decision to provide them  are at our sole and absolute discretion. The provision of credits in one instance does not entitle you to credits in the future for similar instances  nor does it obligate us to provide credits in the future. Free Trials. From time to time  we may offer free trials for specified periods of time without payment. Once your free trial ends  we (or our third-party payment processor) will begin billing your designated payment method on a recurring basis for your Subscription (plus any applicable taxes and other charges) for as long as your Subscription continues  unless you cancel your Subscription prior to the end of your free trial. To avoid any charges  you must cancel your Subscription before the end of your free trial period. Price Changes. We reserve the right to adjust pricing for our Paid Services or any components thereof in any manner and at any time. Any price changes will take effect following notice to you. 3. ONE-TIME PURCHASES Certain Paid Services are one-time purchases  and not subscription-based . One-time purchases may be cancelled or refunded within the first 30 days. 4. PAYMENT AND BILLING You authorize Yes.Fit to charge your chosen payment method for the Paid Services. By providing a payment method that we accept  you represent and warrant that you are authorized to use the designated payment method and that you authorize us (or our third-party payment processor) to charge your payment method for the total amount of your purchase (including any applicable taxes and other charges). If the payment method cannot be verified  is invalid or is otherwise not acceptable  your Paid Service may be suspended or canceled. You must resolve any problem we encounter in relation to the payment method you select in order to proceed with your use of the Service. Please note that if you accept a promotional offer or make changes to your Paid Services  the amount billed may vary. It may also fluctuate due to changes in applicable taxes or currency exchange rates. You authorize us (or our third-party payment processor) to charge your payment method for the corresponding amount. 5. CHARGEBACKS If you initiate a chargeback against Yes.Fit  we incur substantial fees above and beyond those fees related to your purchase. Once we are informed of a chargeback  we will attempt to contact you to resolve the chargeback. If we are unable to resolve the chargeback  Yes .Fit reserves every right to block your access to your account and limit participation on Yes.Fit. Once access to your account has been blocked or participation has been limited  you may request reinstatement by contacting info@yes.fit . In order to be reinstated  you will be required to pay all chargeback fees and related expenses incurred by Yes.Fit as a result of your chargeback. 6. REPRESENTATIONS  WARRANTIES  AND COVENANTS Any Paid Services are personal to you and may not be used by any other person. You will not allow anyone else to use your Paid Services  and you will not transfer any Subscription or disclose your password to any other person. You will report to Yes.Fit any unauthorized or prohibited use of your Paid Services.    