             Toggle navigation     App Features  Builder Features  How It Works  Examples  Pricing  About Us  Contact Us     Privacy Policy   OVERVIEW VIDAPP LTD (“VIDAPP ” “we ” or “us”) offers an app creation and distribution service (“our service”) whereby we create and distribute apps (“the apps ” or “our apps”) based on content provided by a client (the “Producer”). The apps offer video and other types of digital content for sale to consumers.    CONSUMERS In order to purchase a digital product  a consumer may need to create an account with (i) Vidapp; and (ii) the Producer offering the Program. By creating an account  you agree to provide your information to the Producer as well as Vidapp. By using our service  you consent to the collection  use  and disclosure of your information as set forth in this Privacy Policy.    PRODUCERS In order to use our service to sell digital content to consumers  a Producer must create an account with Vidapp (a “Producer account”). Where the context permits  references to “you” in this Privacy Policy shall include Producers. By creating a Producer account  (i) you consent to the collection  use  and disclosure of your information as set forth in this Privacy Policy; and (ii) you agree to comply with our Acceptable Consumer Privacy Practices Policy with respect to consumer information that you receive.    ABOUT THIS POLICY This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their ‘Personally Identifiable Information’ (PII) is being used online. PII  as described in US privacy law and information security  is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify  contact  or locate a single person  or to identify an individual in context. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect  use  protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our website.    WHAT PERSONAL INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT? As a Consumer  you may be asked to enter your name  email address and password to enable you to use our service and access digital products that you have bought through our apps.  As a Producer  you may be asked to enter your name  email address  password  business address and developer account details  all of which are required to manage apps on your behalf.    HOW DO WE PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems  and are required to keep the information confidential. In addition  all sensitive information you supply is encrypted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology.  All financial transactions are processed through gateway providers and are not stored or processed on our servers.  For more detail  you can find our Data Processing Agreement here .    DO WE USE ‘COOKIES’? Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site’s or service provider’s systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. We never share cookies with third parties and they do not contain sensitive information. If you choose to disable cookies  you will unfortunately not be able to use our service.    THIRD-PARTY DISCLOSURE We will never share your personal information with a third party. We do not sell  trade  or otherwise transfer to outside parties your Personally Identifiable Information.    CALIFORNIA ONLINE PRIVACY PROTECTION ACT CalOPPA is the first state law in the nation to require commercial websites and online services to post a privacy policy. The law’s reach stretches well beyond California to require any person or company in the United States (and conceivably the world) that operates websites collecting Personally Identifiable Information from California consumers to post a conspicuous privacy policy on its website stating exactly the information being collected and those individuals or companies with whom it is being shared. – See more at: http://consumercal.org/california-online-privacy-protection-act-caloppa/#sthash.0FdRbT51.dpuf. According to CalOPPA  we agree to the following: – Users can visit our site anonymously. – This privacy policy is available on our home page or as a minimum  on the first significant page after entering our website. – Our Privacy Policy link includes the word ‘Privacy’ and can be easily be found on the page specified above. – You will be notified of any Privacy Policy changes through our Privacy Policy Page. – You can change your personal information by emailing us.    DOES OUR SITE ALLOW THIRD-PARTY BEHAVIORAL TRACKING? No  we do not allow third-party behavioral tracking.    CAN SPAM ACT The CAN-SPAM Act is a law that sets the rules for commercial email  establishes requirements for commercial messages  gives recipients the right to have emails stopped from being sent to them  and spells out tough penalties for violations. We collect your email address in order to: – Send information  respond to inquiries  and/or other requests or questions – Process orders and to send information and updates pertaining to orders.  To be in accordance with CANSPAM  we agree to the following: – Not use false or misleading subjects or email addresses. – Identify the message as an advertisement in some reasonable way. – Include the physical address of our business or site headquarters. – Monitor third-party email marketing services for compliance  if one is used. – Honor opt-out/unsubscribe requests quickly. – Allow users to unsubscribe by using the link at the bottom of each email. If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails  you can email us at support@vidapp.com and we will promptly remove you from ALL correspondence.    CONTACTING US If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy or how your PII is being used  you may contact us using the information below.  vidapp.com The Icehouse  125 St Georges Bay Rd  Parnell  Auckland  New Zealand privacy@vidapp.com       Home  App Features  App Builder Features  Examples  Pricing  How It Works   Company  About  Blog  Support  Help Center    Contact   Email: success@vidapp.com   Connect With Us      VidApp © Vidapp Privacy      