   Toggle navigation   Blog  About  Contact    Privacy Policy  Effective on April 1  2014   Scanly  Inc (BarSense) is committed to protecting your privacy. This privacy policy describes how BarSense collects and uses the personal information you provide on our website: www.barsense.com and by using our service.  Collection and Use of Personal Information  We collect the following personal information from you:  email address  Videos and trace data such as bar speed and path (Only applicable if you upload and share videos).    We collect this information when you:   Set up an account;  Upload a video;    We use this information to administer your account and provide the service.  Information Sharing  We will share your personal information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this privacy statement. We do not sell  rent  trade  or otherwise share your personal information with third parties without first providing you notice and choice.  We reserve the right to disclose your personal information as required by law (e.g.  to comply with a subpoena  warrant  court order  or legal process served on our website) and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights  protect your safety or the safety of others  investigate fraud  and/or respond to a government request.  In the event BarSense goes through a business transition  such as a merger  acquisition by another company  or sale of all or a portion of its assets  your personally identifiable information will likely be among the assets transferred. You will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our website of any such change in ownership or control of your personal information  as well as any choices you may have regarding your personal information.  Choice/Opt-Out  You may opt-out of receiving our newsletter or marketing emails from us by following the unsubscribe instructions included in each newsletter or marketing email or you can contact us at info@barsense.com  Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies  Cookies  Cookies are very small text files that are stored on your computer when you visit certain web pages. We use cookies on our site to keep track of login name and password  Log Files  As is true of most websites  we gather certain information automatically and store it in log files. This information may include internet protocol (IP) addresses  browser type  internet service provider (ISP)  referring/exit pages  operating system  date/time stamp  and/or page views.  We use this information  which does not usually identify individual users  to analyze trends  to administer the site  to track users' movements around the site and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole.  We may record your IP addresses when you place an order through our site in order to detect and prevent fraud.  Web Beacons  A web beacon is an electronic image placed on a web page that can serve many of the same purposes that cookies serve  For example  recording the pages you visit on our site. We or third parties may use web beacons to track the traffic patterns of users from one page to another.  We or our third party service provider may use web beacons in some of our emails to let us know which emails have been opened by recipients or track click-through rates. This allows us to gauge the effectiveness of our communications to customers and our marketing campaigns.  Correcting and Updating Your Personal Information  To review and update your personal information contact us at info@barsense.com .  Links to Other Web Sites  Our Site includes links to other Web sites whose privacy practices may differ from those of BarSense. If you submit personal information to any of those sites  your information is governed by their privacy statements. We encourage you to carefully read the privacy statement of any Web site you visit.  Updating/Accessing/Amending/Correcting Personally Identifiable Information  If your personally identifiable information changes  or if you no longer desire our service  you may correct  update  amend  delete/remove or deactivate it by making the change on our member information page or by emailing our Customer Support at info@barsense.com .  Our website offers blogs or community forums to allow you to learn more about us. You should be aware that any personally identifiable information you provide in these areas may be read  collected  and used by others who access them. We are not responsible for any personally identifiable information you choose to submit in blogs  forums  chat areas  instant message services  bulletin boards  or any other publicly accessible service or website.  Data Retention  We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services. If you wish to cancel your account or request that we no longer use your information to provide you services contact us at info@barsense.com . We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations  resolve disputes  and enforce our agreements.  Security  When we collect personal information directly from you  we follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us  both during transmission and once we receive it. No method of transmission over the Internet  or method of electronic storage  is 100% secure  however. Therefore  while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information  we cannot guarantee its absolute security. If you have any questions about security on our website  you can contact us at info@barsense.com .  Notification of Privacy Statement Changes  We may update this policy from time to time as our information practices are modified or changed. If we make any material changes to this policy that affect your personal information  we will notify you by email (sent to the e-mail address specified in your account) or by means of a notice on this Site prior to the change. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.  Contact Information  You can contact us by writing or email us at the address below.  Scanly Inc 10 Dundas Street East  5th floor Toronto  ON  M5B 2G9  info@barsense.com  © 2014 BarSense | Privacy | Terms    