wicca calendar Privacy Policy  Information Collection   Information Usage   Information Protection   Cookie Usage   3rd Party Disclosure   3rd Party Links   Google AdSense   COPPA   Our Contact Information   This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their 'Personally Identifiable Information' (PII) is being used online. PII  as described in US privacy law and information security  is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify  contact  or locate a single person  or to identify an individual in context. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect  use  protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our website. What personal information do we collect from the people that visit our blog  website or app? When ordering or registering on our site  as appropriate  you may be asked to enter your name  email address  or other details to help you with your experience. When do we collect information? We collect information from you when you register on our site or enter information on our site.  How do we use your information? We may use the information we collect from you when you register  make a purchase  sign up for our newsletter  respond to a survey or marketing communication  surf the website  or use certain other site features in the following ways:  • To allow us to better service you in responding to your customer service requests. How do we protect your information? We do not use vulnerability scanning and/or scanning to PCI standards. We do collect credit card information  but did not know PCI compliant scans are now required. We do not use Malware Scanning. We do not use an SSL certificate  • We only provide articles and information. We never ask for personal or private information like names  email addresses  or credit card numbers. Do we use 'cookies'? We do not use cookies for tracking purposes You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent  or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser settings. Since browser is a little different  look at your browser's Help Menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies. If you turn cookies off  Some of the features that make your site experience more efficient may not function properly.that make your site experience more efficient and may not function properly. Third-party disclosure We do not sell  trade  or otherwise transfer to outside parties your Personally Identifiable Information. Third-party links We do not include or offer third-party products or services on our website. Google Google's advertising requirements can be summed up by Google's Advertising Principles. They are put in place to provide a positive experience for users. https://support.google.com/adwordspolicy/answer/1316548?hl=en We use Google AdSense Advertising on our website. Google  as a third-party vendor  uses cookies to serve ads on our site. Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to our users based on previous visits to our site and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt-out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google Ad and Content Network privacy policy. We have implemented the following:  • Google Display Network Impression Reporting We  along with third-party vendors such as Google use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookies) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) or other third-party identifiers together to compile data regarding user interactions with ad impressions and other ad service functions as they relate to our website. Opting out: Users can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Settings page. Alternatively  you can opt out by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative Opt Out page or by using the Google Analytics Opt Out Browser add on. COPPA (Children Online Privacy Protection Act) When it comes to the collection of personal information from children under the age of 13 years old  the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) puts parents in control.  The Federal Trade Commission  United States' consumer protection agency  enforces the COPPA Rule  which spells out what operators of websites and online services must do to protect children's privacy and safety online. We do not specifically market to children under the age of 13 years old. CAN SPAM Act The CAN-SPAM Act is a law that sets the rules for commercial email  establishes requirements for commercial messages  gives recipients the right to have emails stopped from being sent to them  and spells out tough penalties for violations. We collect your email address in order to:  • Send information  respond to inquiries  and/or other requests or questions To be in accordance with CANSPAM  we agree to the following:  • Not use false or misleading subjects or email addresses. If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails  you can email us at and we will promptly remove you from ALL correspondence. Contacting Us If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy  you may contact us using the information below. PaganWay Via Prospero Favier Palermo  Italy 90100 Italy [email protected] Last Edited on 2017-05-02