How It Works  Apparel  Trainers  Magazine  Log in  Free 7-day trial Free 7-day trial   Aaptiv Inc. Privacy Policy Updated September 24  2020 This Privacy Policy (Policy) provides information about the data that Aaptiv Inc. (Aaptiv or We) may collect from users of our website (the Site) and/or our mobile application (the App) and how we use and share such information. By using the Site or the App  you agree to the terms of this Policy. We may change this Policy from time to time  and changes are effective upon posting. Please review our Privacy Policy regularly. Your continued use of Aaptiv after changes are posted constitutes your agreement to the changes. If you do not agree to the terms of this Policy  please discontinue your use of the Site and/or App. What Information Do We Collect? Each time you provide or transmit information to us via the Site or App  Aaptiv may obtain and collect personally identifiable information about you  including  but not limited to  your name  email address  and any other information that may be used to identify you. We may also collect information about your IP address  browser type  cookie identifiers  Internet Service Provider  referring and exit page  operating system  clickstream data  the type of mobile device you use  your mobile device's unique device ID  and your mobile operating system (“Internet Activity Data”). We may track information regarding your use of our Site or App  including but not limited to  which classes you have taken and timestamps associated with your use of our services. We also track and analyze non-identifying and aggregate usage and volume statistical information from our visitors and customers. How is Information Collected? Each time you provide or transmit information to us via the Site or App  Aaptiv may obtain and collect information about you  including  but not limited to  your name  email address  and any other information that may be used to identify you. For example  and without limitation  we may collect such information from you when you create a user account on the Site or App or when you contact our support team. If you subscribe to Aaptiv through an enterprise partner  such as an employer or other third party  we may receive personal information about you from that partner. As you interact with our website  we may automatically collect Internet Activity Data about your equipment  browsing actions and patterns  through cookies and other similar technologies. Cookies  Web Beacons and Other Similar Technologies As further described in our Cookie Policy   we use cookies and similar technologies (e.g.  web beacons  pixels  ad tags and device identifiers) to recognize you and/or your device(s) on  off and across different Services and devices. We also allow some others to use cookies as described in our Cookie Policy. You can control cookies through your browser settings and other tools. Children Our Site  App  and services are not directed to children under 13 (or under 16 for individuals in the European Union). We will never knowingly collect any personally identifiable information about such children. If Aaptiv obtains actual knowledge that it has collected personal information about a child under the age of 13 (under 16 in the EU)  that information will be immediately deleted and will not be shared or disclosed to third parties. How Do We Use Your Personal Data? We may use the information we collect from and about you for any of the following business purposes: (1) to fulfill your requests for classes or other products or services; (2) to respond to your inquiries; (3) to review Site or App usage and operations; (4) to address problems with the Site or App  our business  or our services; (5) to protect the security or integrity of the Site or App and our business; (6) to monitor the Site and App for compliance with our Terms of Use and the law; (7) to help improve our Site  App  or services; and (8) to contact you with updates and other informational and promotional materials from us or third party marketing offers from our trusted partners  as well as from other companies. In addition  Aaptiv may partner with third party advertisers to help deliver advertisements through the Site or App relevant to your interests. Sharing Practices We may disclose information collected from and about you as follows: (1) to our related companies and service providers  to perform a business  professional or technical support function for us; (2) to our enterprise partners  if you joined Aaptiv as part of a promotion sponsored by that partner; (3) to social media or other third party platforms  if you post data to these platforms through the Site or the App (4) as necessary if we believe that there has been a violation of our Terms of Use or of our rights or the rights of any third party; (5) to respond to legal process (such as a search warrant  subpoena or court order) and provide information to law enforcement agencies or in connection with an investigation on matters related to public safety  as permitted by law  or otherwise as required by law; and (6) in the event that our company or substantially all of its assets are acquired  your personal information may be one of the transferred assets. We may share aggregate  non-personally identifiable information about Website users with third parties. Interest-Based Advertising We may partner with ad networks and other ad serving providers (Advertising Providers) who serve ads on behalf of us and others on non-affiliated websites or mobile applications. Some of those ads may be personalized  meaning that they are intended to be relevant to you based on information Advertising Providers collect about your visits to this site and elsewhere over time. You may visit www.aboutads.info to learn more about this type of advertising and how to opt-out of this form of advertising by companies participating in the Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) self-regulatory program. Note that electing to opt-out will not stop advertising from appearing in your browser or applications. It may make the ads you see less relevant to your interests. In addition  note that if you use a different browser or erase cookies from your browser  you may need to renew your opt-out choice. Apple Health Information In order to provide our services  such as recommending classes you may enjoy  we may read and/or write data to the Apple Health database on your Apple device with your consent. We will not use this information for marketing or advertising purposes or share it with third parties. Opting Out You may opt-out of receiving marketing or promotional communications from us at any time. Contact us at support@aaptiv.com to unsubscribe. Data Security We maintain reasonable and appropriate measures designed to maintain information we collect in a secure manner. We have taken certain physical  electronic  and administrative steps to safeguard and secure the information we collect from Site visitors and App users. We likewise require that our vendors who process data for us  some of whom are located outside of the United States  take appropriate measures to secure data. Even though we follow reasonable procedures to try to protect the information in our possession  no security system is perfect and we cannot promise  and you should not expect  that your information will be secure in all circumstances. Data Retention We will only retain your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes we collected it for  including for the purposes of satisfying any legal  accounting  or reporting requirements. To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data  we consider the amount  nature  and sensitivity of the personal data  the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of your personal data  the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means  and the applicable legal requirements. How to Access your Information If you would like to access  update  or delete any information we have about you  or exercise any right you might have  please send an email to support@aaptiv.com with your request. Contact Us If you have any questions regarding our Policy  contact us at support@aaptiv.com Additional California Privacy Disclosures If you are a California resident  the processing of certain personal data about you may be subject to the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) and other applicable California state privacy laws. The CCPA gives you certain rights with respect to the processing of your personal data (known as “personal information”  as defined in the CCPA). This supplement provides additional privacy disclosures and informs you of your additional rights as a California resident  and should be read in conjunction with Aaptiv’s Privacy Policy. Personal Information Collected and Disclosed The categories of Personal Information collected and disclosed by Aaptiv in the last 12 months are described in the “What Information Do We Collect?” and “Sharing Practices” section of the Privacy Policy. For the purposes of the CCPA  this information corresponds to the following categories of Personal Information listed in the CCPA: Categories How shared Personal identifiers (such as your name  email address  and other information you provide when subscribing to Aaptiv’s services) With our service providers  for professional and technical support; with enterprise partners as required by our agreements Protected classifications (such as your age and gender) With Apple devices if you choose to disclose to Apple Health  for purposes of determining target heartrate Commercial information (information about your purchases of services from us) With enterprise partners as required by our agreements Biometric information (such as weight and height and heartrate and other information if you choose to share through Apple Health) With Apple devices if you choose to share through Apple Health Internet Activity Data (including your IP address  browser type  cookie identifiers  Internet Service Provider  referring and exit page  operating system  clickstream data  the type of mobile device you use  your mobile device's unique device ID  and your mobile operating system) With service providers  for analytic and security purposes Geo-location (the IP address of your computer) With service providers  for analytic and security purposes Inferences (information you provide about yourself in the onboarding process to identify recommended services on the Site or the App) Not shared Requests to Exercise Your Rights RIGHT TO KNOW - Under the CCPA  you have a right to request information about our collection  use  and disclosure of your personal information over the prior 12 months  and ask that we provide you with the following information: Categories of and specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you. Categories of sources from which we collect personal information. Purposes for collecting  using  or selling personal information. Categories of third parties with which we share personal information. Categories of personal information disclosed about you for a business purpose. If applicable  categories of personal information sold about you and the categories of third parties to which the personal information was sold  by category or categories of personal information for each third party to which the personal information was sold. RIGHT TO DELETE - You also have a right to request that we delete personal information  subject to certain exceptions. EXERCISING YOUR RIGHTS - You may exercise your right to know and your right to delete by emailing us at support@aaptiv.com or calling 1-877-290-2815. In the request  please specify which right you are seeking to exercise and the scope of the request. We will confirm receipt of your request within 10 days. We may require specific information from you to help us verify your identity and process your request. If we are unable to verify your identity  we may deny your requests to know or delete. REQUEST POLICIES - We currently do not collect household data. If all the members of a household make a Right to Know or Right to Delete request  we will respond as if the requests are individual requests. You may make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information twice per 12-month period. We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your rights under the CCPA. You may designate  in writing or through a power of attorney  an authorized agent to make requests on your behalf to exercise your rights. Before accepting such a request from an agent  we will require the agent to provide proof you have authorized it to act on your behalf  and we may need you to verify your identity directly with us. Sale of Personal Information Based on our understanding of the term “sell” under the CCPA  we do not “sell” your personal information. We do  however  use services provided by Google  Facebook and other Advertising Providers that help deliver interest-based ads to you as described in the section above entitled Interest-Based Advertising. If and to the extent “sale” under the CCPA is interpreted to include advertising technology activities such as those implemented specifically for interest-based advertising  we will comply with applicable law as to such activity. Contact Us You may contact us by emailing us at support@aaptiv.com . Aaptiv How It Works About Us Calculators FAQs Press Apparel Careers Contact Us Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Membership Free Trial Log in Students Affiliates Magazine Fitness Beginner Fitness Cycling Elliptical Outdoor Running Running Stair Climber Strength Training Yoga Nutrition Food Recipes Health Expert Advice Older Adult Fitness Pregnancy Weight Loss Questions? Let us help! support@aaptiv.com