        Pro Package  GO League  Coach Package  Shop   WODProof Band  User Guide    WODProof Academy  Announcements   Part 1  Part 2 Your Account   Pro Package  GO League  Coach Package  Shop   WODProof Band  User Guide    WODProof Academy  Announcements   Part 1  Part 2  Instagram  YouTube    Your Account     Manage Profile   Enter your username/Email address and password that you use for your WODProof mobile application   Username or Email  Password    Failed to login. Please check username/email and password Forgot password?    Login    Sign Up      Password Recovery   Enter your email address below and we will send you an email with password recovery instruction   Email Failed to send. Please check email  Success. Check your e-mail. Send      Sign Up    Username  Email  Password  Confirm Password     Sign Up    Sign In      Back   Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Help Center Press Kit   Privacy Policy   Preamble  Because your privacy is important to us  we operate by the principles described herein. We have created this Privacy Policy in order to describe to you our practicing regarding the information that we collect and how we use it. By installing the WODProof Application or your use of WODProof (the “Application” and “Website” respectively  and together “  WODProof “)  you consent to the collection and use of your information as we have outlined in this Privacy Policy. Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein  shall have the respective meanings ascribed to them under the Application Terms and Conditions (the “ Agreement “).    The information we collect and how we collect it  We will collect the Registration Data and the Content and we may collect service-related  diagnostic  and performance information  which may include information about your activity (such as how You use the Application or Webiste)  log files  and diagnostic  crash  website  and performance logs and reports.  The Content (such as photos  comments  and other materials) that You post to the Application or Website.  Communications between You and the Application or Website  such as service-related emails (e.g.  account verification  changes/updates to features of the Application  technical and security notices).  Information of how the Application or Website are accessed and used (“ Usage Data “). This Usage Data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address)  browser type  browser version  the pages of the Website that you visit  the time and date of your visit  the time spent on those pages  unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.  All of the above shall be referred together as the “ Information “. What we do with your Information  The Information will be used in accordance with applicable laws for the following purposes:  1.1.  To provide the use of the Application as well as for auditing and improving our Application  including providing customer support  fixing and customizing the Application.  1.2.  To occasionally inform you of new features  functionality  services and products  and other promotions from WODProof  as well as send you periodic updates  tips and newsletters.  1.3.  We may analyze and use the Information to evaluate and improve the Application  research  develop  and test new services and features  and conduct troubleshooting activities.  1.4.  We may share the Information with the Application and/or Website’s media channels (such as sharing a video on Instagram).  1.5.  We may use and share anonymized Information with certain third-parties.  1.6.  We may share Information with third parties in limited circumstances  including when complying with legal process  preventing fraud or imminent harm  and ensuring the security of the Application.  1.7.  We reserve the right to disclose your Information as required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or comply with a judicial proceeding  or court order.  1.8.  We can use the Information for our media channels.    Data security  We use industry standard security measures to store and protect the Information within the scope of applicable data protection laws. The Company is not liable for any kind of disclosure of Information to third parties due to communication errors or unauthorised access.  The Information may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state  province  country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction.  If you are located outside Israel and choose to provide Information to us  please note that we may transfer the Information to Israel and process it there.  Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of the Information represents your agreement to that transfer.   We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that the Information is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of the Information will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of the Information.    Plugins and Third-Party API Services  The Application includes social media plugins  such as (a) Facebook; (b) Instagram; (c) Twitter; and (d) YouTube including YouTube API services (YouTube Terms of Service)  Social media plugins are hosted either by third party providers or directly by the Company. Your interactions with these plugins are subject to this privacy policy or the privacy policy of any third party that offers such feature. The Company is not responsible for the use of  or guidelines regarding the use of  personal data by third party providers.  By using those YouTube API Clients   you agree to be bound by the YouTube Terms of Service .  Google Privacy Policy .  Users can revoke that API Client’s access to their data via the Google security settings page .    Cookies  We may use cookies to operate the Application  improve your experiences  understand how the Application is being used  and customize the Application. Additionally  we may use cookies to remember your choices  such as your language preferences  and otherwise to customize the Application. The cookies do not contain any personally identifiable information.    Legal Basis for Processing Personal Data Under General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)  If you are from the European Economic Area (EEA)  our legal basis for collecting and using the personal information described in this Privacy Policy depends on the personal data (data about a living individual who can be identified from those data) we collect and the specific context in which we collect it.  We may process your personal data because:  We need to perform a contract with you;  You have given us permission to do so;  The processing is in our legitimate interests and it’s not overridden by your rights;  To comply with the law.  We will retain your personal data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use your personal data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example  if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws)  resolve disputes  and enforce our legal agreements and policies.  We will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter period of time  except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of WODProof   or we are legally obligated to retain this data for longer time periods.    Your Data Protection Rights Under General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)  If you are a resident of the European Economic Area (EEA)  you have certain data protection rights. We aim to take reasonable steps to allow you to correct  amend  delete  or limit the use of the Information .  If you wish to be informed what Information we hold about you and if you want it to be removed from our systems  please contact us .  In certain circumstances  you have the following data protection rights :  The right to access  update or to delete the information we have on you . Whenever made possible  you can access  update or request deletion of the Information directly within your account settings section. If you are unable to perform these actions yourself  please contact us to assist you .  The right of rectification . You have the right to have the Information rectified if that information is inaccurate or incomplete .  The right to object . You have the right to object to our processing of the Information .  The right of restriction. You have the right to request that we restrict the processing of the Information .  The right to data portability . You have the right to be provided with a copy of the Information in a structured  machine-readable and commonly used format .  The right to withdraw consent . You also have the right to withdraw your consent at any time where we rely on your consent to process the Information .  Please note that we may ask you to verify your identity before responding to such requests .  You have the right to complain to a Data Protection Authority about our collection and use of your Personal Data. For more information  please contact your local data protection authority in the European Economic Area (EEA).    Miscellaneous  If Company becomes involved in a merger  acquisition  or any form of sale of some or all of its assets  we may transfer all of the Information in connection with such a transaction.  Company may modify the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy from time to time. When changes are made  Company will make a new copy of the Privacy Policy available within the Application. We will also update the “Last Updated” date at the top of this Privacy Policy. Any changes to this Privacy Policy will be effective immediately for new users of the Application and will be effective thirty (30) days after posting notice of such changes on the Application for existing users. If You do not agree to any change(s) after receiving a notice of such change(s)  you must stop using Application. Otherwise  your continued use of the Application constitutes your acceptance of such change(s). PLEASE REGULARLY CHECK THE APPLICATION TO VIEW THE THEN-CURRENT AGREEMENT.  This policy shall be construed in accordance with and governed for all purposes by the substantive laws of the State of State of Israel without regard to conflicts of law provisions. You agree that any claim or dispute you may have against the Company and its affiliates  directors  officers  employees and representatives must be resolved by a court located in Tel Aviv – Jaffa  and waive any jurisdictional  venue or inconvenient forum objections to such courts.  If you have any question about our privacy policy  please contact us via contact@test.wodproofapp.com.   Made by   © 2020 WODProof    Navigation  Main  PRO Package  Coach Package  Features  WODProof Team  FAQ  Partner  Contact Us Join us   Instagram  YouTube  Facebook Info  Privacy Policy  Terms and Conditions  Press Kit  Help Center       