Coaching Explore Corporate Become a Coach About Careers Support Charity Privacy Policy html PRIVACY POLICY   Last updated September 28  2020 Thank you for choosing to be part of our community at Squats Fitness Private Limited  doing business as Fittr (“ Fittr ”  “ we ”  “ us ”  or “ our ”). We are committed to protecting your personal information and your right to privacy. If you have any questions or concerns about our policy  or our practices with regards to your personal information  please contact us at support@fittr.com .   The use of our Platform which includes Fittr Mobile Application (hereinafter referred to as “Mobile Application”) and Internet pages of Fittr Website – [ www.fittr.com ] (hereinafter referred to as Website) and our related Websites  Applications  Services  Products and content (together with the Mobile Application and Website  collectively referred to as “Services”) is possible without any indication of personal data; however  if a data subject wants to use our services via our website or mobile application  processing of personal data could become necessary. If the processing of personal data is necessary and there is no statutory basis for such processing  we generally obtain consent from the data subject.   The processing of personal data  such as the name  address  e-mail address  or telephone number of a data subject shall always be in accordance with the Information Technology Act  2000 and published in accordance with the provisions of Rule 4 of  the Information Technology (Reasonable security practices and procedures and sensitive personal data or information) Rules  2011  and  The General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) applicable to Fittr. By means of these data protection declarations  our enterprise would like to inform the general public of the nature  scope  and purpose of the personal data we collect  use and process. Furthermore  data subjects are informed  by means of this data protection declaration  of the rights to which they are entitled.   When you visit our website  mobile application  and use our services  you trust us with your personal information. We take your privacy very seriously. In this privacy policy  we describe our privacy policy. We seek to explain to you in the clearest way possible what information we collect  how we use it and what rights you have in relation to it. We hope you take some time to read through it carefully  as it is important. If there are any terms in this privacy policy that you do not agree with  please discontinue use of our Sites or Apps and our services.    This privacy policy applies to all information collected through our website (such as www.fittr.com )  mobile application  ( Apps )  and/or any related services  sales  marketing or events (we refer to them collectively in this privacy policy as the  Services ).    Please read this privacy policy carefully as it will help you make informed decisions about sharing your personal information with us.   IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH THE TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY  PLEASE DO NOT ACCESS THE WEBSITE/MOBILE APPLICATION.    TABLE OF CONTENTS   1. WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?  2. HOW DO WE USE YOUR INFORMATION?  3. WILL YOUR INFORMATION BE SHARED WITH ANYONE?  4. WHO WILL YOUR INFORMATION BE SHARED WITH?  5. DO WE USE COOKIES AND OTHER TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES?  6. DO WE USE GOOGLE MAPS?  7. HOW DO WE HANDLE YOUR SOCIAL LOGINS?  8. IS YOUR INFORMATION TRANSFERRED INTERNATIONALLY?  9. HOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION?  10. HOW DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION SAFE?  11. DO WE COLLECT INFORMATION FROM MINORS?  12. WHAT ARE YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS?  13. CONTROLS FOR DO-NOT-TRACK FEATURES  14. DO WE MAKE UPDATES TO THIS POLICY?  15. HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US ABOUT THIS POLICY?  HOW CAN YOU REVIEW  UPDATE  OR DELETE THE DATA WE COLLECT FROM YOU?    1. WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT? Information you provide   In Short: We collect certain personal information necessary to provide you services  when you create an account with us.  We collect personal information such as your name and email address when you create an account with us.  We require certain personal information to provide you services such as -  your birth date  gender  phone number  mailing address; - your weight  height  lifestyle  food preferences  nutrition data  workouts  physical activity  photographs  medical conditions  health goals  steps  sleep habits or other fitness regimes and health-related information as our services and products are further developed;  Your Contributions. Information and content  you provide. We collect the content  communications and other information you provide when you use our Products  including when you sign up for an account  create or share content  and message or communicate with others. This can include any information in or about the content (including without limitation  any text  information  graphics  messages  photos  images  location of a photo  the date a file was created  nutritional information contributed to the Food Database and works of authorship kind)  data  questions  comments  suggestions or other content  including personally identifiable information that you upload  send  email  display  perform  distribute  post or otherwise transmit to us  at our request or on your own  on  or through the Services (such as message boards  recipe logging)  whether in connection with your use of the Services or through the use of any Third Party Websites or Third Party Services or otherwise  and whether publicly posted or privately transmitted.  Your Messages. We store messages  photos  videos and documents from your chats on our servers so that you can access your chat data from any of your devices anytime without having to rely on third-party backups. All data is stored encrypted. Our developers do not access the user data.  Payment Data . We may collect data necessary to process your payment if you make purchases  such as your payment instrument number (such as a credit card number)  and the security code associated with your payment instrument. All payment data is stored by Cashfree  RazorPay  PayPal and Stripe. Information automatically collected   In Short:  Some information – such as IP address and/or browser and device characteristics – is collected automatically when you visit our Services or Apps.   We automatically collect certain information when you visit  use or navigate the Services through our Apps or Website. This information does not reveal your specific identity (like your name or contact information) but may include device and usage information  such as your IP address  browser and device characteristics  operating system  language preferences  referring URLs  device name  country  location  information about how and when you use our Services or Apps and other technical information. This information is primarily needed to maintain the security and operation of our Services or Apps  and for our internal analytics and reporting purposes.   Like many businesses  we also collect information through cookies and similar technologies.    Information collected through our Apps   In Short:  We may collect information regarding your geo-location  mobile device  push notifications  when you use our apps.  If you use our Apps  we may also collect the following information:    Geo-Location Information. We may request access or permission to and track location-based information from your mobile device  either continuously or while you are using our mobile application  to provide location-based services like tagging your location to a post. If you wish to change our access or permissions  you may do so in your device’s settings.   Mobile Device Access. We may request access or permission to certain features from your mobile device  including your  Mobile device’s storage to read & write videos  pictures & pdf files from the device   Contacts to find your connections who are already using our services   Camera to capture images & videos to provide services   Record Audio to capture audio while recording a video or live video streaming   Social media accounts to login to your Fittr account.  Data about health from iOS HealthKit  Health app and Google Fit. We handle all iOS Health app and HealthKit data in accordance with Apple's development guidelines. To view Apple's HealthKit developer guidelines  go to https://developer.apple.com/app-store/review/guidelines/#health-and-health-research . We handle Google Fit data in accordance with Google Fit Terms of Service. To view Google Fit Terms of Service go to  https://developers.google.com/fit/terms .   If you wish to change any of our access or permissions  you may do so in your device’s settings. However  revoking these permissions may prevent you from using all or some of the functionality of our services.    Mobile Device Data. We may automatically collect device information (such as your mobile device ID  model and manufacturer)  operating system  version information and IP address.   Push Notifications. We may request to send you push notifications regarding your account or the mobile application. If you wish to opt-out from receiving these types of communications  you may turn them off in your device’s settings.   2. HOW DO WE USE YOUR INFORMATION?  In Short:   We process your information for purposes based on legitimate business interests  the fulfillment of our contract with you  compliance with our legal obligations  and/or your consent.  We use personal information collected via our Services or Apps for a variety of business purposes described below. We process your personal information for these purposes in reliance on our legitimate business interests  in order to enter into or perform a contract with you  with your consent  and/or for compliance with our legal obligations. We indicate the specific processing grounds we rely on next to each purpose listed below.  We use the information we collect or receive:    To facilitate account creation and logon process. If you choose to link your account with us to a third-party account *(such as your Google or Facebook account)  we use the information you allowed us to collect from those third parties to facilitate account creation and logon process for the performance of the contract. See the section below headed  HOW DO WE HANDLE YOUR SOCIAL LOGINS  for further information.  To send you marketing and promotional communications. We and/or our third-party marketing partners may use the personal information you send to us for our marketing purposes  if this is in accordance with your marketing preferences. You can opt-out of our marketing emails at any time (see the  WHAT ARE YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS  below).   To send administrative information to you. We may use your personal information to send you product  service and new feature information and/or information about changes to our terms  conditions  and policies.   To track your nutrition intake  weight and fitness routine. Fittr Coaches require information about your eating habits  changes in your body weight and your fitness regime to craft a personalised Nutrition and Training Plans and to monitor your progress.  Fulfill and manage your orders. We may use your information to fulfill and manage your orders  payments  returns  and exchanges made through the Services or Apps.   To post testimonials. We post testimonials on our Services or Apps that may contain personal information. Prior to posting a testimonial  we will obtain your consent to use your name and testimonial. If you wish to update  or delete your testimonial  please contact us at support@fittr.com and be sure to include your name  testimonial location  and contact information.   Administer prize draws and competitions. We may use your information to administer prize draws and competitions when you elect to participate in competitions.   Request Feedback. We may use your information to request feedback and to contact you about your use of our Services or Apps.   To protect our Services. We may use your information as part of our efforts to keep our Services or Apps safe and secure (for example  for fraud monitoring and prevention).   To enable user-to-user communications. We may use your information in order to enable user-to-user communications with each user's consent.   To enforce our terms  conditions and policies for Business Purposes  Legal Reasons and Contractual.    To respond to legal requests and prevent harm. If we receive a subpoena or other legal request  we may need to inspect the data we hold to determine how to respond.   To manage user accounts . We may use your information for the purposes of managing our account and keeping it in working order.    To deliver services to the user. We may use your information to provide you with the requested service.   To respond to user inquiries/offer support to users.  We may use your information to respond to your inquiries and solve any potential issues you might have with the use of our Services.   For Marketing  Publicity & Promotions. Fittr may also publish User’s name  voice  likeness and other Personal Information that is part of User’s User Content  and Fittr may use the content  or any portion of the content  for advertising  marketing  publicity and promotional activities  provided that Fittr will not exercise such rights as to any User Content which identifies User in a public manner unless User provides a separate consent to Fittr in writing (email is sufficient) authorizing such use. For full terms and conditions regarding User Content User submits to the Service  please review Fittr’s Terms & Conditions. Fittr or others may store  display  reproduce  publish  distribute or otherwise use User Content online or offline in any media or format (currently existing or hereafter developed) and may or may not attribute it to User. Others may have access to this User Content and may have the ability to share it with third parties. Please think carefully before deciding what information User shares  including Personal Information  in connection with User’s User Content. Be aware that public postings are not confidential. Please note that the Fittr does not control who will have access to the information that User chooses to make public and cannot ensure that parties who have access to such publicly available information will respect User’s privacy or keep it secure. Fittr is not responsible for the privacy or security of any information that User makes publicly available on the Service  the Mobile App or Website or what others do with information User shares with them on the Mobile App and Website. Fittr is not responsible for the accuracy  use or misuse of any User Content that User discloses or receives from third parties through the Service. For other Business Purposes. We may use your information for other Business Purposes  such as data analysis  identifying usage trends  determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns and to evaluate and improve our Services or Apps  products  marketing and your experience. We may use and store this information in aggregated and anonymized form so that it is not associated with individual end users and does not include personal information. We will not use identifiable personal information without your consent.  3. WILL YOUR INFORMATION BE SHARED WITH ANYONE?   In Short:   We only share information with your consent  to comply with laws  to provide you with services  to protect your rights  or to fulfill business obligations.  We may process or share data based on the following legal basis:   Consent: We may process your data if you have given us specific consent to use your personal information for a specific purpose.  Legitimate Interests: We may process your data when it is reasonably necessary to achieve our legitimate business interests.  Performance of a Contract: Where we have entered into a contract with you  we may process your personal information to fulfill the terms of our contract.  Legal Obligations: We may disclose your information where we are legally required to do so in order to comply with applicable law  governmental requests  a judicial proceeding  court order  or legal process  such as in response to a court order or a subpoena (including in response to public authorities to meet national security or law enforcement requirements).  Vital Interests: We may disclose your information where we believe it is necessary to investigate  prevent  or take action regarding potential violations of our policies  suspected fraud  situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person and illegal activities  or as evidence in litigation in which we are involved.   More specifically  we may need to process your data or share your personal information in the following situations:    Vendors  Consultants and Other Third-Party Service Providers. We may share your data with third party vendors  service providers  contractors or agents who perform services for us or on our behalf and require access to such information to do that work. Examples include: Fittr Coaches’  payment processing  data analysis  email delivery  hosting services and marketing efforts. We may allow selected third parties to use tracking technology on the Services or Apps  which will enable them to collect data about how you interact with the Services or Apps over time. This information may be used to  among other things  analyse and track data  determine the popularity of certain content and better understand online activity. Unless described in this Policy  we do not share  sell  rent or trade any of your information with third parties for their promotional purposes. We have contracts in place with our data processors  which are designed to help safeguard your personal information. This means that they cannot do anything with your personal information unless we have instructed them to do it. They will also not share your personal information with any organization apart from us. They also commit to protect the data they hold on our behalf and to retain it for the period we instruct.  Other Users. When you share personal information (for example  by posting comments  contributions or other content to the Services) or otherwise interact with public areas of the Services  such personal information may be viewed by all users and may be publicly made available outside the Services in perpetuity. If you interact with other users of the Website/Mobile Application  those users may see your name  profile photo  and descriptions of your activity  including sending invitations to other users  chatting with other users  liking posts  posting comments  posting reviews  following Forums.  Online Postings. When you post comments  contributions or other content to the Website/Mobile Application  your posts may be viewed by all users and may be publicly distributed outside the Website/Mobile Application in perpetuity.  Business Transfers. We may share or transfer your information in connection with  or during negotiations of  any merger  sale of company assets  financing  or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company.  Third-Party Advertisers. We may use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit the Services or Apps. These companies may use information about your visits to our Website(s) and other websites that are contained in web cookies and other tracking technologies in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you.   Offer Wall. Our Apps may display an offer wall (“FitShop”). Such an offer wall allows us to offer gifts  or other third-party items to users in return for exchange of virtual currency (“FitCoin”). Such an offer wall may appear in our website and mobile application and be displayed to you based on certain data  such as your geographic area or demographic information. When a user redeems any products from the offer wall  the user's name  address and phone number is shared with the third party to deliver the products redeemed by the user through the offer wall.  Third-party Websites. The Website/Mobile Application may contain links to third-party websites and applications of interest  including advertisements and external services  that are not affiliated with us. Once you have used these links to leave the Website/Mobile Application  any information you provide to these third parties is not covered by this Privacy Policy  and we cannot guarantee the safety and privacy of your information. Before visiting and providing any information to any third-party websites  you should inform yourself of the privacy policies and practices (if any) of the third party responsible for that website  and should take those steps necessary to  in your discretion  protect the privacy of your information. We are not responsible for the content or privacy and security practices and policies of any third parties  including other sites  services or applications that may be linked to or from the Website/Mobile Application. 4. WHO WILL YOUR INFORMATION BE SHARED WITH?   In Short: We only share information with the following third parties.   We only share and disclose your information with the following third parties. We have categorized each party so that you may easily understand the purpose of our data collection and processing practices. If we have processed your data based on your consent and you wish to revoke your consent  please contact us using the contact details provided in the section below titled HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US ABOUT THIS NOTICE? .   Cloud Computing Services   Amazon Web Services (AWS) ( Privacy Policy ) ( GDPR Compliance )  Communicate and Chat with Users   Zendesk Chat ( Privacy Policy ) ( GDPR Compliance )   Invoice and Billing   PayPal ( Privacy Policy ) ( GDPR Compliance )  Stripe ( Privacy Policy ) ( GDPR Compliance )  RazorPay ( Privacy Policy )   CashFree ( Privacy Policy )    Bulk Mail Service   Mailchimp   ( Privacy Policy ) ( GDPR Compliance )  Mailgun ( Privacy Policy ) ( GDPR Compliance )  Sendy ( Privacy Policy )  User Account Registration and Authentication   Facebook Login   Google Sign-In   Web and Mobile Analytics   Google Analytics ( Privacy Policy ) ( GDPR Compliance )  CleverTap ( Privacy Policy ) ( GDPR Compliance )   App Testing   TestFlight  Google Play Console   Planning Nutrition & Fitness Plan   FITTR Coach   Manage App   FITTR Admins 5. DO WE USE COOKIES AND OTHER TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES?  In Short:   We may use cookies and other tracking technologies to collect and store your information.   Cookies and Web Beacons   You can visit our website without giving away your personal information. We may use cookies  Google Analytics  web beacons  tracking pixels  and other tracking technologies on the Website/Mobile Application to help customize the Website/Mobile Application and improve your experience and analyse how the Website/Mobile Application is used. The information collected by Google Analytics is anonymous Traffic Data on the website. We do not collect any additional information such as name  age  gender  etc upon your usage of the Website without the need to create an account. The data subject may  at any time  prevent the setting of cookies through our website by means of a corresponding setting of the Internet browser used  and may thus permanently deny the setting of cookies. Furthermore  already set cookies may be deleted at any time via an Internet browser or other software programs. This is possible in all popular Internet browsers. If the data subject deactivates the setting of cookies in the Internet browser used  not all functions of our website may be entirely usable.  For more information on how we use cookies  please refer to our Cookie Policy posted on the Website/Mobile Application  which is incorporated into this Privacy Policy. By using the Website/Mobile Application  you agree to be bound by our Cookie Policy.   Website Analytics  We may also partner with selected third-party vendors  such as Google Analytics  to allow tracking technologies and remarketing services on the Website through the use of first party cookies and third-party cookies  to  among other things  analyze and track users’ use of the Site  determine the popularity of certain content and better understand online activity. By accessing the Website  you consent to the collection and use of your information by these third-party vendors. You are encouraged to review their privacy policy and contact them directly for responses to your questions. We do not transfer personal information to these third-party vendors. However  If you do not want any information to be collected and used by tracking technologies  you can find The Google Analytics privacy policy  here . You can learn more about how to opt-out of tracking in Google Analytics  here  or Network Advertising Initiative Opt-Out Tool or Digital Advertising Alliance Opt-Out Tool .   You should be aware that getting a new computer  installing a new browser  upgrading an existing browser  or erasing or otherwise altering your browser’s cookies files may also clear certain opt-out cookies  plug-ins  or settings.   6. DO WE USE GOOGLE MAPS?  In Short:   Yes  we use Google Maps for the purpose of providing better service.  This website and mobile application uses Google Maps APIs. You may find the Google Maps APIs Terms of Service here . To better understand Google’s Privacy Policy  please refer to this link .  By using our Maps API Implementation  you agree to be bound by Google’s Terms of Service.  7. HOW DO WE HANDLE YOUR SOCIAL LOGINS?   In Short:   If you choose to register or log in to our services using a social media account  we may have access to certain information about you.  Our Services or Apps offer you the ability to register and login using your third-party social media account details (like your Facebook or Google logins). Where you choose to do this  we will receive certain profile information about you from your social media provider. The profile Information we receive may vary depending on the social media provider concerned  but will often include your name  e-mail address  friends list  profile picture as well as other information you choose to make public.   We will use the information we receive only for the purposes that are described in this privacy policy or that are otherwise made clear to you on the Services or Apps. Please note that we do not control  and are not responsible for  other uses of your personal information by your third-party social media provider. We recommend that you review their privacy policy to understand how they collect  use and share your personal information  and how you can set your privacy preferences on their sites and apps.  8. IS YOUR INFORMATION TRANSFERRED INTERNATIONALLY?    In Short:   We may transfer  store  and process your information in countries other than your own.  All web servers and hosting are managed by our team using Amazon Web Services in EU Region. This includes website hosting  backups  web database  file storage  APIs  and log files. Amazon’s privacy policy can be found here: https://aws.amazon.com/privacy/ .   If you are accessing our Services or Apps from outside EU Region  please be aware that your information may be transferred to  stored  and processed by us in our facilities and by those third parties with whom we may share your personal information (see  WILL YOUR INFORMATION BE SHARED WITH ANYONE?  above)  in India  and other countries.  If you are a resident in the European Economic Area  then these countries may not have data protection or other laws as comprehensive as those in your country. We will however take all necessary measures to protect your personal information in accordance with this privacy policy and applicable law.   9. HOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION?   In Short:   We keep your information for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this privacy policy unless otherwise required by law.  We will only keep your personal information for as long as it is necessary for the purposes set out in this privacy policy  unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law (such as tax  accounting or other legal requirements). No purpose in this policy will require us keeping your personal information for longer than the period of time in which users have an account with us.  When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your personal information  we will either delete or anonymize it  or  if this is not possible (for example  because your personal information has been stored in backup archives)  then we will securely store your personal information and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible.   10. HOW DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION SAFE?    In Short:   We aim to protect your personal information through a system of organizational and technical security measures.  We have implemented appropriate technical and organizational security measures designed to protect the security of any personal information we process. However  please also remember that we cannot guarantee that the internet itself is 100% secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal information  transmission of personal information to and from our Services or Apps is at your own risk. You should only access the services within a secure environment.   11. DO WE COLLECT INFORMATION FROM MINORS?   In Short:   We do not knowingly collect data from or market to children under 18 years of age.   We do not knowingly solicit data from or market to children under 18 years of age. By using the Services or Apps  you represent that you are at least 18 or that you are the parent or guardian of such a minor and consent to such minor dependent’s use of the Services or Apps. If we learn that personal information from users less than 18 years of age has been collected  we will deactivate the account and take reasonable measures to promptly delete such data from our records. If you become aware of any data we have collected from children under age 18  please contact us at support@fittr.com .   12. WHAT ARE YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS?   In Short:   In some regions  such as the European Economic Area  you have rights that allow you greater access to and control over your personal information. You may review  change  or terminate your account at any time.   Information Technology (Reasonable security practices and procedures and sensitive personal data or information) Rules  2011 permits our users who are Indian residents and The General Data Protection Regulation (EU) permits our users who are EU residents the right to review or amend the Sensitive Personal Data or Information (SPDI) and give the information provider an option to retract consent at any point of time  in relation to the information that has been so provided. In some regions (like the European Economic Area)  you have certain rights under applicable data protection laws. These may include the right (i) to request access and obtain a copy of your personal information  (ii) to request rectification or erasure; (iii) to restrict the processing of your personal information; and (iv) if applicable  to data portability. In certain circumstances  you may also have the right to object to the processing of your personal information. To make such a request  please use the contact details  provided below. We will consider and act upon any request in accordance with applicable data protection laws. If we are relying on your consent to process your personal information  you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. Please note however that this will not affect the lawfulness of the processing before its withdrawal.  If you are resident in the European Economic Area and you believe we are unlawfully processing your personal information  you also have the right to complain to your local data protection supervisory authority. You can find their contact details here: http://ec.europa.eu/justice/data-protection/bodies/authorities/index_en.htm   Account Information: If you would at any time like to review or change the information in your account or terminate your account  you can:  Log into your account settings and update your user account.  Contact us using the contact information provided  Upon your request to terminate your account  we will deactivate or delete your account and information from our active databases. However  some information may be retained in our files to prevent fraud  troubleshoot problems  assist with any investigations  enforce our Terms of Use and/or comply with legal requirements.    Cookies and similar technologies: Most Web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. If you prefer  you can usually choose to set your browser to remove cookies and to reject cookies. If you choose to remove cookies or reject cookies  this could affect certain features or services of our Services or Apps. To opt-out of interest-based advertising by advertisers on our Services or Apps visit http://www.aboutads.info/choices/ .  Opting out of email marketing: You can unsubscribe from our marketing email list at any time by clicking on the unsubscribe link in the emails that we send or by contacting us using the details provided below. You will then be removed from the marketing email list – however  we will still need to send you service-related emails that are necessary for the administration and use of your account. To otherwise opt-out  you may:  Note your preferences when you register an account with the site.  Access your account settings and update preferences.  Contact us using the contact information provided. 13. CONTROLS FOR DO-NOT-TRACK FEATURES   Most web browsers and some mobile operating systems and mobile applications include a Do-Not-Track (“DNT”) feature or setting you can activate to signal your privacy preference not to have data about your online browsing activities monitored and collected. No uniform technology standard for recognizing and implementing DNT signals has been finalized. As such  we do not currently respond to DNT browser signals or any other mechanism that automatically communicates your choice not to be tracked online. If a standard for online tracking is adopted that we must follow in the future  we will inform you about that practice in a revised version of this privacy policy.   14. DO WE MAKE UPDATES TO THIS POLICY?    In Short:   Yes  we will update this policy as necessary to stay compliant with relevant laws.    We may update this privacy policy from time to time. The updated version will be indicated by an updated “Revised” date and the updated version will be effective as soon as it is accessible. If we make material changes to this privacy policy  we may notify you either by prominently posting a policy of such changes or by directly sending you a notification. We encourage you to review this privacy policy frequently to be informed of how we are protecting your information.  15. HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US ABOUT THIS POLICY?   If you have questions or comments about this policy  you may contact our Data Protection Officer (DPO)  Aditya Sehgal  by email at adityasehgal@fittr.com   by phone at 9702847136  or by post to:  Squats Fitness Private Limited   Aditya Sehgal   411  Platinum Square  Viman Nagar  Pune  MAHARASHTRA 411014   India   HOW CAN YOU REVIEW  UPDATE  OR DELETE THE DATA WE COLLECT FROM YOU?   Based on the applicable laws of your country  you may have the right to request access to the personal information we collect from you  change that information  or delete it in some circumstances. To request to review  update  or delete your personal information  please visit: support@fittr.com . We will respond to your request within 30 days.   Company About Us Become a Coach Careers Support Contact Us Charity Services Online Coaching Personal Training Corporate Wellness Fitness and Nutrition Courses Explore Fitness Articles Healthy Recipes Exercise Videos Transformations Tools BMR Calculator Macro Calculator Body Fat Calculator 1RM Calculator Social Facebook Youtube LinkedIn Instagram Twitter Copyright © 2015-20 All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Sitemap