   Privacy policy   1. IN GENERAL  1.1. Hercule is edited by the company Ingeniooz SAS (France). The english official website of Hercule's application is en.herculeapp.com . The Hercule application does collect some data about users.  1.1.1. The collection  administration and use of personal details by Hercule and its website complies with applicable data protection laws.  1.1.2. No data about workouts are collected  they are all private and remain local to the user's device unless user decides to share them on social networks.   2. CATEGORIES OF PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION COLLECTED BY INGENIOOZ SAS  2.1. Ingeniooz SAS collects information from users upon registration on its website and in connection with the use of Hercule application. The personally identifiable information collected by Ingeniooz SAS falls in the following categories:   First and last name;  Home or other physical address  including street name and name of city or town (when asking for promotional flyers);  Email address;   2.2. Personally identifiable information shall be saved and used in particular in order to offer new applications to the user  to improve such applications and conform them to the users' needs.   3. USE AND SHARING OF PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE AND NON-PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION WITH THIRD PARTIES  3.1. No data are shared to any third party.   4. PLUGINS AND WIDGETS FOR SOCIAL MEDIA  4.1. Hercule includes social media plugins  such as (i) Facebook  1601 South California Avenue  Palo Alto  CA 94304  USA or (ii) Twitter  1355 Market Street  Suite 900  San Francisco  CA 94103  USA.  4.2. Such plugins can recognize a user’s IP address and the page visited  and  possibly  store cookies  so that the services offered by Hercule work properly. Social media plugins and widgets are hosted either by third party providers or directly by us. Your interactions with these plugins are subject to this privacy policy or the privacy policy of any third party that offers such feature. Ingeniooz SAS is not responsible for the use of  or guidelines regarding the use of  personal data by third party providers.  4.3. Users can recognize  e.g.  Facebook-plugins by the Facebook-Logo or the addition Facebook Social Plugin or the Like-Button (Like) on our pages. You can find an overview of Facebook-plugins here: http://developers.facebook.com/docs/plugins/.  4.4. If a user interacts with the plugins  e. g. by clicking on the Facebook Like-Button or entering a comment  while being logged in to such user's Facebook-account  a user links the contents of the Hercule pages to her Facebook-profile. Thereby  Facebook can associate a user's visit of the Hercule page with such user's Facebook account. Ingeniooz SAS as the provider of the Hercule application does not have any knowledge of the content of the transmitted data or its usage by Facebook. Users can find more information on that issue in the privacy policy of Facebook at http://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/.  4.5. If users do not want to have Facebook associate their visits on our site with their Facebook-account  users must log out from their Facebook-account.   6. GOOGLE ANALYTICS  6.1. The hercule website uses Google Analytics  a web analysis service by Google Inc. (Google). Google Analytics uses 'cookies' (see Section 6  above). The information about your visit collected by the cookies  including your IP address  is usually transferred to a Google server in the USA and saved there. To the extent that the hercule website has activated IP anonymization  Google first abbreviates your IP address within member states of the European Union or in other signatory states of the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases  will the full IP address be transferred to a Google server in the USA and abbreviated there. Google will use the information collected on behalf of the website operator to evaluate your use of the hercule website  to compile reports about your activities within the website  and to provide further services to Ingeniooz SAS related to use of the hercule website and Internet use. Google will under no circumstances associate the IP address transmitted by your browser within the operations of Google Analytics with other Google data.  6.2. You can prevent the data related to your use of the hercule website  including your IP address  generated by the cookies from being recorded by Google and Google's processing of this data by downloading and installing the browser plugin from the following link: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en.   7. CHANGES TO PRIVACY POLICY  7.1. If Ingeniooz SAS decides to change its privacy policy  it will post those changes on this page. This policy was last modified on 26 Mar  2015.   8. YOUR CONSENT  8.1. By using our site and application  you consent to our privacy policy.   9. NEWSLETTER  9.1 Ingeniooz SAS will send newsletters to registered users. By accepting these T&C  the user allows Ingeniooz SAS to send newsletters. The user can opt out of receiving a newsletter each time such newsletter is received. Upon opting out  the user will not receive any further newsletters from Ingeniooz SAS.  Last updated: 26 Mar  2015  