   Skip to main content   Find a Club United We Move About Planet Fitness My Account English Search Join Us    Breadcrumb links    Home    Privacy Policy       Planet Fitness Privacy Policy  Last updated: April 28  2020  Thank you for visiting Planet Fitness. This Privacy Policy explains the manner in which we may collect  use and disclose personal information which you provide to us while using the Planet Fitness website (the “Site”) or certain services of our Planet Fitness clubs (the “Services”). By visiting this Site or otherwise providing us with your personal information by using our Services  you agree to be bound by the terms of this policy.  We want to assure you that Planet Fitness takes privacy matters very seriously and is committed to protecting your privacy. Therefore  we are providing this policy to explain our privacy practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used.  INFORMATION WE COLLECT  We collect personal information that you provide to us or that is otherwise provided to us on your behalf. You may choose to provide certain personal information in order to access or use certain features or services of the Site or the Services  such as making a purchase  joining one of our clubs  paying your membership fees  requesting information  providing us with information via text message or our mobile application  filling out an employment or franchise application  entering a sweepstakes  logging into certain exercise equipment consoles using your member keytag  or otherwise contacting us. We may also collect personal information from other sources such as:  Social media platform. If you use a social media platform login to access our Site  you will share certain personal information from your social media account with us  for example  your name  email address  photo  list of social media contacts  and any other information that may be or you make accessible to us when you connect your social media account to your services account. The specific information transferred depends on your security settings and the privacy policy of your social media network.  Joint marketing partners  when they share information with us.  Publicly available data bases.  Categories of collected information include:  Identifying information (such as name  phone number  e-mail address  mailing address  photograph  contact information  and billing information)  Protected classification characteristics under state or federal law (such as age and gender)  Commercial information (such as products and services purchased from us and partners  as well as your consumer preferences)  Biometric information (such as your physical characteristics or measurements)  Workout and machine usage information  Account information such as user name  password  unique user ID  and communication preferences  Credit card or banking information  You can always choose not to provide certain information  but it may limit your ability to use a particular service or feature on the Site or the Services.  Planet Fitness also collects information that is sent to us automatically by your web browser. The information we receive depends upon your browser’s settings. This information typically includes your computer’s IP address  the address of the web page you were visiting when you accessed our Site  the name of the operating system installed on your computer  the name and version of the browser you are using and the date and time of your visit. We use this information primarily to create statistics that help us improve our Site and make it more compatible with the technology used by our visitors. We may link this information with your personal information as we deem necessary for our business purposes. If criminal activity is suspected  we might need to share certain information with the appropriate investigative authorities. Such information may contain visitors’ IP addresses and other information which could be used to trace and identify individuals.  So-called “cookies” and other similar technologies may be used on the Site and by third parties to collect information over time and across third party websites  to support the Site’s functionality and to improve user experience. You have the ability to set your browser to reject cookies. However  if you set your browser to reject cookies  it may affect or limit the use of certain features and functionality of this Site. We do not currently respond to “Do-Not-Track” signals or mechanisms.  how we use your personal information  By providing your personal information to us  you are authorizing us to collect  use and disclose such information in the manner outlined in this policy.  We may use your personal information for legitimate business purposes  including:  To provide you with our Services  such as providing you access to your membership account and sending you administrative information relating to our terms and policies.  To periodically send you newsletters  e-mails or similar communications featuring sales and promotions  news about new Planet Fitness products and services  requests for your feedback  or other information we think may be of interest to you  in accordance with local law.  To respond to any customer service inquiries or requests.  We may use workout and machine usage data collected through our Services to provide you with tailored products or service offerings  to conduct member usage and market analysis  and to compile aggregated data sets for use in our marketing and business objectives.  To promote and administer corporate partnerships in connection with the Services.  We may share your data with our partners so that they may provide you with tailored products or service offerings.  For internal organizational  analytical  or development purposes  such as conducting data analysis to improve the efficiency of our Site or Services  enhancing or improving our current products  services  or offerings  developing new products  services  or offerings  identifying member trends  evaluating the effectiveness of our promotions and campaigns.  For fraud  security  and safety purposes  such as detecting abusive or malicious behavior.  Any other business purpose for which you provide consent.    You may stop receiving marketing communications from us at any time by:  Clicking Unsubscribe in any e-mail from us  Calling us at 1-844-880-7180  Emailing us at privacy@planetfitness.com  However  if you unsubscribe from our marketing communications  you will not automatically become unsubscribed from the marketing communications of the franchise owner of the Planet Fitness club you joined or to which your e-mail address has been provided as set forth in this policy. Planet Fitness franchises are independently owned and operated businesses and we do not control their use of your e-mail address. Accordingly  if you are a member at a Planet Fitness franchise club  please contact your home club directly to learn how to unsubscribe from such communications.  In addition  you may continue to receive generic mailings addressed to Resident or the like.  In order to discontinue generic mailings  you may contact your local post office.  how we share PERSONAL INFORMATION  Planet Fitness will only disclose  trade  rent  sell or otherwise transfer personally identifiable information for purposes set out herein  or as required or permitted by law. However  Planet Fitness may freely disclose  sell  or transfer collected information that does not contain any personally identifiable information  such as aggregated workout data or club visitation trend data or analysis derived therefrom  for any legitimate business or marketing purpose.  Below are categories of recipients with whom we may share your personal information:  Third Party Service Providers. Planet Fitness may disclose your personal information to third party service providers or agents who provide services to or on behalf of Planet Fitness or its members such as  but not limited to  hosting  data management  analytics and storage services  sweepstakes providers  membership benefits providers and retention services.  Planet Fitness Affiliate Companies. We may share personal information with parent companies  subsidiaries and affiliated entities of Planet Fitness  or other companies in connection with any merger  sale  corporate reorganization or similar business transaction involving Planet Fitness  its parents  subsidiaries  affiliates or one or more of its franchisees.  Planet Fitness Franchisees. We may provide your personal information to a Planet Fitness franchisee in order for them to provide you Services if you are a Planet Fitness member  visitor or guest at a Planet Fitness franchisee club location  Law Enforcement Authorities. We may disclose your personal information to law enforcement authorities when we are required or authorized by law to do so (for example  in response to a subpoena issued by a court).  Corporate Partners. We may provide special offers for the Services in connection with certain partnerships with third parties. We may share your information with third parties in connection with promoting and administering these offers.  Third Party Marketing Partners. We may also share your personal information with third parties to use for their marketing purposes  in accordance with local law  if we think the products or services they offer would be of interest to you. If you are a member of a Planet Fitness location in Canada or a Canadian resident  we will only share such information if you have agreed to receive commercial electronic messages from us and our partners. If you unsubscribe from our commercial communications  we will no longer share your information with third parties for marketing purposes.    In the preceding twelve months  Planet Fitness has disclosed for a business purpose the following categories of personal information to third parties  including marketing partners  corporate partners  and law enforcement:  Identifying information (such as name  phone number  e-mail address  mailing address  and contact information)  Protected classification characteristics under state or federal law (such as age and gender)  Commercial information (such as products and services purchased from us and partners  as well as your consumer preferences)  In the preceding twelve months  Planet Fitness has disclosed for a business purpose the following categories of information to our Planet Fitness Affiliate Companies Franchisees and Third Party Service Providers for purposes such as auditing  security  debugging  providing the Services  and internal research and development:  Identifying information (such as name  phone number  e-mail address  mailing address  photograph  contact information  and billing information)  Protected classification characteristics under state or federal law (such as age and gender)  Commercial information (such as products and services purchased from us and partners  as well as your consumer preferences)  Biometric information (such as your physical characteristics or measurements)  Workout and machine usage information  Account information such as user name  password  unique user ID  and communication preferences  Credit card or banking information  ACCESS TO YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION  You have a right to challenge the accuracy and completeness of your personal information and to have it corrected  as appropriate. To access or amend your personal information  please log in to your online account or visit your home club  You may also request access to your personal information and inquire about how that information has been used and disclosed  subject to certain exceptions prescribed by law. If your request for access is denied  we will notify you in writing of the reason for such denial. Please email privacy@planetfitness.com to inquire about the use of your personal information.  PROCESSING AND STORAGE  Your personal information may be processed and stored in the United States or another country.  The governments  courts  law enforcement and regulatory agencies of that country in which your information is processed and stored may be able to demand disclosure of personal information pursuant to the laws of such country.  SECURITY  Security for all personal information is extremely important to us. We store your personal information securely and use encryption and/or other special procedures designed to protect the information we collect from loss  misuse  unauthorized access or disclosure  alteration or destruction. Unfortunately  no data transmission over the Internet can ever be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result  while we strive to protect your personal information  Planet Fitness cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us and you do so at your own risk.  FRANCHISEES AND OTHER THIRD PARTIES  We may share your personal information with Planet Fitness franchisees and other third parties as set forth in this policy. We may also provide links to other websites that are not affiliated with us. We do not have control over such third parties’ use and handling of your personal information and we are not responsible for their privacy procedures.  USE OF THE SITE OR SERVICES BY MINORS  This is a commercial website intended for use by individuals that are at least 18 years old.  If you are less than 18 years old  you may not use the Site or the Services without prior permission and supervision of your legal guardians.  Planet Fitness does not accept members under the age of 13 and does not knowingly collect information from anyone under the age of 13.  INTERNATIONAL VISITORS.  For visitors using the Site or the Services from outside the United States  any data you provide will be transferred to the United States for use by Planet Fitness and/or its affiliates for any of the purposes described in this Policy. By using the Site or the Services you hereby expressly consent to such transfer of information or data to the United States.  PRIVACY RIGHTS FOR CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS  PRIVACY RIGHTS FOR NEVADA RESIDENTS  PRIVACY RIGHTS FOR EU RESIDENTS AND INDIVIDUALS LOCATED IN THE EU    TERMS OF USE  Your use of the Site or the Services and any issues relating to this policy are subject to Planet Fitness’ then-current Terms of Use  which are located on our Site.  PRIVACY POLICY UPDATES  We reserve the right to update or modify this policy at any time and from time to time without prior notice by posting a revised version of the policy on the Site. If we make material changes to this policy  we will notify you by means of a conspicuous notice on our homepage or direct communication to you via email or your account. Your use of the Site or any Planet Fitness facility following any revision to the policy constitutes your agreement that all personal information collected from or about you after the revised policy is posted will be subject to the terms and conditions of the revised policy. The date listed above indicates the most recent change or update to this policy.  PRIVACY OFFICER CONTACT INFORMATION  If you have any questions or concerns about our privacy practices  please feel free to contact our Privacy Officer at:  Planet Fitness Headquarters Attn: Privacy Officer 4 Liberty Lane West  Hampton  NH 03842  Email: privacy@planetfitness.com    Back to top Find a Club Community@PF About Planet Fitness Careers Memberships Newsroom PF Store Franchising Corporate Memberships Customer Service Privacy Policy Terms of Use Investor Relations Site Map Copyright © 1997 - 2020 Planet Fitness Franchising  LLC.            