     Sign In   Home    Exercises    Workouts    Live Sessions    Sign In   Privacy Policy    Privacy Policy  Caliverse (“Caliverse”) respects the privacy rights of our users and are committed to protecting the information collected through our online products  online services and websites including but not limited to the Caliverse software application (any or all of which are referred to as “Apps”). Caliverse has adopted this privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) to explain how Caliverse collects  stores  and uses the information collected in connection with Caliverse’s Apps. By installing  using  registering to or otherwise accessing any Apps  you agree to this privacy policy and give an explicit and informed consent to the storage  use  and porcessing of your personal data in accordance with this privacy policy. If you do not agree to this privacy policy  please do not install  use  register to or otherwise access any Apps. Caliverse reserves the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time  so please review it frequently. If Caliverse makes material or significant changes to this Privacy Policy  the updates will be posted to the website at https://www.caliverse.app. Any changes to this Privacy Policy will be effective upon their being posted on Caliverse’s website. Your continued use of Apps will signify your acceptance of the changes to this Privacy Policy.  Non-personal Data  For purposes of this Privacy Policy  “non-personal data” means information that does not directly identify you  which may include your age  weight  and gender. Additionally  non-personal data includes “aggregate” and “de-personalized” information  which is data Caliverse collects about the use of Apps  from which any personally identifiable data has been removed.     Caliverse collects non-personal data from you to make your use of the Apps more efficient and useful. For example  if you provide non-personal data about you  the App may provide certain information about your workout such as calories burned or other tailored calculations about your workout.     Caliverse also uses tools and third party analytical software to automatically collect and use certain non-personal data that does not directly enable Caliverse to identify you. The types of non-personal data Caliverse may collect and use include  but are not limited to: (i) device properties  including  but not limited to unique device identifier or other device identifier (“UDID”); (ii) device software platform and firmware; (iii) mobile phone carrier; (iv) geographical data such as zip code  area code and location; (v) game score and achievements; (vi) other non-personal data as reasonably required by Caliverse to enhance the Apps and other Caliverse products and services.     Caliverse shares non-personal data  including both data you provide to Caliverse and data which is automatically collected  with Caliverse’s partners and contractors for purposes of analyzing usage of the Apps  advertisement serving  managing and providing the Apps  and to further develop the Apps and other Caliverse services and products.     You recognize and agree that the analytics companies utilized by Caliverse may combine the information collected with other information they have independently collected from other services or products relating to your activities. These companies collect and use information under their own privacy policies.  Ad Serving Technology  Caliverse reserves the right to use and disclose collected non-personal data for purposes of advertisement by Caliverse or Caliverse’s partners and contractors. Caliverse employs third party ad serving technologies that use certain methods to collect information as a result of ad serving through Apps. Caliverse or third parties operating the ad serving technology may use your demographic and location information  non-personal data you provide to Caliverse  and information logged from your hardware or device to ensure that appropriate advertising is presented within the Service. Caliverse or third parties may collect and use data for this purpose including  but not limited to IP address (including for purposes of determining your approximate geographic location)  UDID  software  applications  hardware  browser information  internet and on-line usage information and in-game information. The foregoing data may be used and disclosed in accordance with this Privacy Policy and the privacy policy of the company providing the ad serving technology.     You recognize and agree that the advertising companies who deliver ads for Caliverse may combine the information collected with other information they have independently collected from other services or products. These companies collect and use information under their own privacy policies. These ad serving technologies are integrated into Apps; if you do not want to be subject to this technology  do not use or access Apps. Although Caliverse takes commercially reasonable steps to instruct such advertising companies to comply with the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy  Caliverse does not have access to or control of third party technologies.  Personal Data  For purposes of this Privacy Policy  “personal data” means personally identifiable information that specifically identifies you as an individual.     Likely situations when you make personal data available to Caliverse include  but are not limited to: (i) registration for Apps  contests and special events; (ii) accessing Apps using a third party ID  such as social networking sites or gaming services; (iii) subscribing to newsletters; (iv) purchasing a product or services through Caliverse’s online stores; (v) using “tell a friend ” “email this page ” or other similar features; (vi) requesting technical support; and (vii) otherwise through use of Caliverse’s Apps where personal data is required for use and/or participation.     The types of personal data may vary depending on the type of activity you are engaged in. The personal data Caliverse may collect  process and use may include  but are not limited to your name  screen/nick name  Apps’ or third party service ID  e-mail address  phone number  photo or other image  birthdate  sex  address  friend connections  avatar image  credit card information  shipping information; and location (only if directly identifiable to you  otherwise Caliverse treats location as non-personal data).     Caliverse may use collected personal data for purposes of analyzing usage of the Apps  providing customer and technical support  managing and providing Apps (including managing advertisement serving) and to further develop the Apps and other Caliverse services and products. Caliverse may combine non-personal data with personal data.     Caliverse may use your personal data to send messages to you with informative and/or commercial content about Caliverse’s services or third party products and services Caliverse thinks may be of interest to you  such as new features and services  special offers and updated information.     Please note that certain features of the Apps may be able to connect to your social networking sites to obtain additional information about you.  In such cases  Caliverse may be able to collect certain information from your social networking profile when your social networking site permits it  and when you consent to allow your social networking site to make that information available to Caliverse.  This information may include  but is not limited to  your name  profile picture  gender  user ID  email address  your country  your language  your time zone  the organizations and links on your profile page  the names and profile pictures of your social networking site “friends” and other information you have included in your social networking site profile. Caliverse may associate and/or combine as well as use information collected by Caliverse and/or obtained through such social networking sites in accordance with this Privacy Policy.  Disclosure and Transfer of Personal Data  Caliverse collects and processes personal data on a voluntary basis and it is not in the business of selling your personal data to third parties. Personal data may  however  occasionally be disclosed in accordance with law and this Privacy Policy. Additionally  Caliverse may disclose personal data to any of its affiliated companies in accordance with this Privacy Policy.     Caliverse may hire agents and contractors to collect and process personal data on Caliverse’s behalf and in such cases such agents and contractors will be instructed to comply with our Privacy Policy and to use personal data only for the purposes for which the third party has been engaged by Caliverse. These agents and contractors may not use your personal data for their own marketing purposes. Caliverse may use third party service providers such as credit card processors  e-mail service providers  shipping agents  data analyzers and business intelligence providers. Caliverse has the right to share your personal data as necessary for the aforementioned third parties to provide their services for Caliverse. Caliverse is not liable for the acts and omissions of these third parties  except as provided by applicable law.     Caliverse may disclose your personal data to third parties as required by law enforcement or other government officials in connection with an investigation of fraud  intellectual property infringements  or other activity that is illegal or may expose you or Caliverse to legal liability. Caliverse may also disclose your personal data to third parties when Caliverse has a reason to believe that a disclosure is necessary to address potential or actual injury or interference with Caliverse’s rights  property  operations  users or others who may be harmed or may suffer loss or damage  or Caliverse believes that such disclosure is necessary to protect Caliverse’s rights  combat fraud and/or comply with a judicial proceeding  court order  or legal process served on Caliverse. To the extent permitted by applicable law  Caliverse will make reasonable efforts to notify you of such disclosure through Caliverse’s website or in another reasonable manner.  Data Retention  Caliverse retains the data collected pursuant to this Privacy Policy for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law. Thereafter if the collected data is no longer needed for purposes specified in this Privacy Policy  Caliverse deletes all aforementioned data in our possession within a reasonable timeframe. Caliverse does not verify the correctness of personal data.     Caliverse may still retain some of the data to the extent such retention is necessary to resolve disputes  enforce Caliverse user agreements  and comply with technical and legal requirements and constraints related to the security  integrity and operation of Apps.     If you reside or are located in a European Union member country or Switzerland  any personal data about you will be collected  used and retained in accordance with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). If you are a resident of a country subject to the GDPR and wish to exercise any of your rights regarding your data which has been collected or is being stored by Caliverse  including access of your data  correcting inaccurate data  or deleting your data  please contact Caliverse at the email address set forth at the bottom of this policy.  Correction and Deletion of Data  Caliverse will provide you with reasonable access to any of your personal data which you have provided to us. If you wish to access  update or correct any personal data we hold about you  or if you want us to delete any information about you that we have collected  you may contact us as set forth at the bottom of this privacy policy. At your request  we will update  correct  or delete from our databases any personally-identifiable information we have about you.  Cookies  Beacons and Tracking  The Apps may use “cookies” and other technologies such as pixel tags  clear GIFs and web beacons. Caliverse treats information collected by cookies and similar technologies as non-personal data.     E-mails and other electronic communications Caliverse sends to you may contain code that enables Caliverse to track your usage of the communication  including whether the communication was opened and/or what links were followed (if any). Caliverse may combine that information to other information Caliverse has about you and Caliverse may use that information to improve the Apps and/or provide customized communications to you.  Third Party Terms and Conditions  Please note that your access to and use of the Apps may be subject to certain third party terms and conditions and privacy policies  including but not limited to application stores  mobile software platforms  on-line gaming platforms  social networking services and payment providers. You recognize and agree that Caliverse is not liable for any such third party terms and conditions and their use of your personal data.     Caliverse may in its discretion make available links through advertisements or otherwise enable you to access third party products or services. Please note that  while using such products or services  you are using products or services developed and administered by people or companies not affiliated with or controlled by Caliverse. Caliverse is not responsible for the actions of those people or companies  the content of their products or services  the use of information you provide to them  or any products or services they may offer. The fact that Caliverse is linking to those products or services does not constitute our sponsorship of  or affiliation with  those people or companies.     Please note that certain Apps that Caliverse may offer  such as multiplayer gaming  social networking and gaming console services  may use third party services to provide authentication for the Apps with a gaming console ID  social networking ID or gaming network account. When you register to join or use the Apps from a third-party gaming or social networking system  certain personally identifiable user and/or membership data may be transferred automatically to and from Caliverse and you hereby consent to the processing  using  combining  disclosing and retaining of such data in accordance with this Privacy Policy by Caliverse.  Safeguards  Caliverse follows generally accepted industry standards and maintains reasonable safeguards to attempt to ensure the security  integrity and privacy of the information in Caliverse’s possession. Only those persons with a need to process your personal data in connection with the fulfillment of their tasks in accordance with the purposes of this Privacy Policy and for the purposes of performing technical maintenance  have access to your personal data in Caliverse’s possession. Personal data collected by Caliverse is stored in secure operating environments that are not available to the public. To prevent unauthorized on-line access to personal data  Caliverse maintains personal data behind a firewall-protected server. However  no system can be 100% secure and there is the possibility that despite Caliverse’s reasonable efforts  there could be unauthorized access to your personal data. By using the Apps  you assume this risk  and Caliverse will not be liable for any misappropriation or theft of your personal data.  Other  Please be aware of the open nature of certain social networking and other open features of the Apps Caliverse may make available to you. You may choose to disclose data about yourself in the course of contributing user generated content to the Apps. Any data that you disclose in any of these forums  blogs  chats or the like is public information  and there is no expectation of privacy or confidentiality. Caliverse is not responsible for any personal data you choose to make public in any of these forums.     If you are under 15 years of age or a minor in your country of residence  please ask your legal guardian’s permission to use or access the Apps. Caliverse takes children’s privacy seriously  and encourages parents and/or guardians to play an active role in their children’s online experience at all times. Caliverse does not knowingly collect any personal information from children below the aforementioned age and if Caliverse learns that Caliverse has inadvertently gathered personal data from children under the aforementioned age  Caliverse will take reasonable measures to promptly erase such personal data from Caliverse’s records.     Caliverse may store and/or transfer your personal data to our affiliates and partners in and outside of EU/EEA member states and the United States in accordance with applicable law and this Privacy Policy. Caliverse may disclose your personal data to third parties in connection with a corporate merger  consolidation  restructuring  the sale of substantially all of Caliverse’s stock and/or assets or other corporate change  including  without limitation  during the course of any due diligence process provided  however  that this Privacy Policy shall continue to govern such personal data.     If you have any questions or comments about Caliverse’s privacy practices  would like to stop receiving information from Caliverse  or would like to correct or delete any of your personal data held by Caliverse  please contact us by sending an e-mail to info@caliverse.app.    Follow us on #Instagram #Caliverse     Register for news     Register    Contact Us    info@caliverse.app |   business@caliverse.app |     Important Links    Terms of Use |   Privacy Policy |   Support |   2020 © Caliverse. Riga  Latvia  Download on the  App Store     Get it on  Google Play        