  Gotta Joga Privacy Policy   Gotta Apps SAS  a limited liability company established under French law  with share capital of EUR 20 000  headquartered at chez InExtenso  24  chemin des Verrières  F-69260 Charbonnières les Bains  registered with the Trade and Business Register of Lyon  France under the number 801 905 266  with VAT number FR89801905266 (hereinafter “GottaApps or We) is committed to protect and respect your privacy while using our website www.gottajoga.com (the Site)  our mobile applications (Apps) and other products and services (the Site  the Apps and other products and services are collectively called hereinafter the Services).  This privacy policy defines how we manage information and data that identifies you  directly or indirectly (the Personal Data) when you use our Services. Please read the following carefully to understand our practices regarding your Personal Data.    1. Personal data that we process  Those that you provide directly.  By using our Services  especially when you create an account  you connect to it  view our videos or participate in our games  you are prompted to provide information and thus provide us with some Personal Data type information.  This information includes  to the extent necessary and without this list being exhaustive:   Personal Data necessary to register for our Services  namely your email address and password  and to take advantage of our paid services  your bank or credit card details;  You may also choose to provide us with additional information such as your gender  yoga and sport habits  search queries  first name  last name  profile picture and address. However  unlike the aforementioned information  this additional information is not mandatory in order to validate your subscription to the Services. Nevertheless  they allow us to personalize our relationship;  The Personal Data that you provide to us in order to contact us  in particular via the online contact form  such as your email address  the content of your request and any attachments provided  your telephone number  etc. We may ask you for additional information when you report a problem with our Services to resolve the issue;  The IP address  device model  browser  and language of the device you use to connect to the Services; A copy of the correspondence (including by email) that you are likely to send us;  If necessary  your e-mail address in order to subscribe to our newsletters. If you do not want to receive marketing emails  follow the unsubscribe instructions included in each email sent. We will then remove you from our mailing list;  If applicable  your responses to surveys that we invite you to participate  as well as the content of your publications on our Site. This information may be used for research and analysis of user behavior to improve our Services;  Where applicable  the Personal Data that you provide to us in order to participate in a contest or one of our sponsored promotions  in order to validate your registration;  The details of the transactions you conduct through our services and orders you send via our services.  The details of your visits to the Site and related to the use of the Services  including but not limited to traffic data  location data  resources accessed  weblogs and other communication data if necessary for our own billing purposes.  Time spent on the Services  including the list of yoga sessions viewed and your preferences;  Information from your Facebook profile if you choose to connect to our services through Facebook.  Information from your Apple profileif you choose to connect to our services through Apple ID.    2. Those we collect automatically  a. Personal Data related to social networks  When you connect to our Services via your Facebook account  we collect your email  name  surname  gender  and your Facebook ID  as entered by you when creating your Facebook account. We will also have access to some of your Facebook account data in accordance with the terms and conditions of use of the social network concerned.  b. Your use of our Services  Log files allow us to record your use of the Services. Our technical team collects the file log information of all our users  which we use to make improvements to our Services and inform us about how users use the Services (eg number of yogasessions performed  yoga time   history of yoga sessions  etc.). This information is published on your user account.  If you receive an html version of our newsletters  we will be notified of your opening of the e-mail newsletter and we will save this information. Your clicks on the links in the newsletter are also saved. These and opening statistics are used in aggregate form to give us an indication of the popularity of the content and to help us make decisions about the content and its formatting in the future.  c. Cookies  Subject to applicable law  during each of your visits we may collect information related to the devices on which you use our Services or the networks from which you access our Services  such as your IP addresses  connection data  types and versions of internet browsers used  operating systems and platforms  data about your navigation on our Site and our Apps  download errors  content you access or views  advertising ID of your device etc.  We use cookies for this purpose.  What is a cookie?  A cookie is a small text file saved and / or read by your browser  stored in the cookie directory of your device's hard drive (PC  laptop or smartphone) installed by the websites you visit. It contains a unique and anonymous identifier.  Which cookies do we use?  When we provide Services  we want to make them easy to use  simple  convenient  useful and reliable. We use several cookie categories for this purpose:   Absolutely necessary cookies  in order to allow you to move on the Site and the Apps and to use their basic functionalities. These cookies are essential for the use of our Services;  Security cookies ;  With your consent  authentication cookies  which exempt you from having to provide your username and password each time you connect to our Services;  With your consent  cookies for personalization of the user interface : these cookies make it possible to memorize the preferences of a user (first name  linguistic preference for example);  With your consent  analytics and performance cookies that allow us to recognize and count the number of visitors to our Site and Apps and to collect information on how they are used. This allows us to improve the way our Site and our Apps work as well as more generally the content of our Services. These cookies also allow us to measure the effectiveness of our marketing efforts;  With your consent  sharing cookies on social networks : when you share content from our Services on a social network  via a share button  a cookie will be deposited on your device if you have accepted this type of tracking. As long as you have not clicked the share button  then clicked a second time on the desired social network  no cookie will be placed on your device.  With your consent  advertising or targeting cookies to record your visit to our site  as well as the pages you have viewed and the links you have followed. This information allows us to display relevant ads based on your interests  limit the number of times the ad is displayed  and help measure the effectiveness of ad campaigns. They may be shared with third parties  such as advertisers  advertising agencies or management agencies.   Cookies will be deleted by us after 13 months from the date of placement.  Placing cookies by third parties  The third parties we use to know your use of our Services or for marketing purposes may use cookies  which we do not control.  This Site uses  in particular  Facebook Analytics and Google Analytics. For example  Google Analytics installs cookies to help us accurately estimate the number of visitors to the Site and the usage volumes of the Services to ensure that Services are available whenever you want and that your experience is fast enough. For more information on how Google Analytics processes this information  visit www.google.com/analytics.  We also use the services of Google Adwords and Facebook Ads as part of our marketing efforts. These services may install cookies on your device.  Similarly  when you visit a page with content hosted by a third party (for example  YouTube videos) or use some of the links to social networking sites (for example  the share button)  these sites may place cookies on your computer.  We do not control how these third parties use these cookies  nor how long they keep them. We invite you to review the privacy policies of these third-party sites for more information on this topic.  How do you manage cookies?  During your first visit to the Site or the Apps  we give you access to this policy and ask you to make a choice as to whether to accept or refuse the use of third-party cookies to measure the audience. our Site and the performance of our online marketing efforts.  You can always modify your choice by contacting us at the email address info@gottajoga.com .  Your browser settings also allow you to change the cookie acceptance settings.  Although your browser works to allow cookies  you can set it up so that a window always asks you for confirmation before a site stores a cookie in your hard drive  so you can decide to allow or reject the cookie. Alternatively  you can configure your computer to accept no cookies. Our services do not support browsers set to block cookies.  If you choose not to accept the cookie  it will not affect your access to most of the content and materials available through our services.    3. Why do we use your Personal Data?  We proceed to the processing of your Personal Data for the following purposes  which are justified by the performance of our contractual obligations and the satisfaction of your requests  which constitutes the legal basis of the processing concerned:   allow you to access our Services and provide you with the requested information and Services (including gift cards);  provide you with customer support;  collect your payments;  inform you of changes to our Services;  enable you to use the interactive features of our Services if you wish;  provide you with a history of the yoga sessionscarried out by them as well as statistical information on your use of our Services;  send you messages by email related to the use of our Services or coaching/counseling to assist you in your practice of yogaand motivate you;  Analyze the messages you have exchanged with other members of our community via the Site or the Apps to ensure that our terms and conditions are respected.   The processing of your Personal Data is also in other cases justified by our legitimate interest which then constitutes the legal basis of the treatment in the following cases:   improve and optimize our Site and our Apps  in particular to ensure that the display of our content is adapted to your computer or other device;  manage our Site and Apps and perform in-house technical troubleshooting  data analysis  testing  research  analysis  studies and surveys to ensure the security of our Site and Apps and improve its features );  perform statistics on your use of our Services to provide you with content tailored to your needs and to improve our Services;  send you by email or SMS  in accordance with the applicable legal provisions  messages concerning services similar to those you have used or send you occasional special offers about them in order to promote our Services;  manage notices  incidents  claims and litigation to enable us to ascertain  exercise or defend our rights in court;  measure the performance of our marketing efforts for the development and sustainability of our activities.   Your Personal Data is also processed to enable us to respond to your requests for rights of access  rectification and opposition  or your other rights with respect to Personal Data. This treatment is then based on the respect of our legal obligations.  Finally  the processing related to certain cookies (see point 2 above) or related to the receipt by email or SMS of information from third parties are based on your consent. You can then withdraw it at any time while it is the only legal basis applicable.    4. To whom are your Personal Data transmitted?  Personal Data is processed internally by duly authorised people within the limits of their respective duties.  They are also likely to be communicated to the following external recipients:   financial institutions that are account holders;  competent administrative and judicial authorities  such as the tax authorities  to enable GottaAppsto fulfill its legal obligations in the matter  to apply or enforce its agreements with you  or to protect the rights  property or safety of GottaApps  our customers and all third parties;  paralegals and departmental officers as part of their debt collection duties;  any member of our group  including our subsidiaries  our holding company and its subsidiaries  to the extent strictly necessary and subject to the existence of contractual guarantees to ensure the security and confidentiality of the data;  subcontractors (including IT service providers) and external service providers (such as auditors  legal advisers  trustees  analytical solution or payment service providers  companies and organizations specializing in fraud protection and risk reduction unpaid  etc.)  to the extent necessary and subject to the existence of contractual safeguards to ensure the security and confidentiality of the data;  When you make an express request (for example  when you use the authentication methods provided by social networks or subscribe to a service provided by one of our partners  such as Apple Health)  we may be required to disclose your Personal Data. to this partner so that he can provide you with the requested service or information. It is the responsibility of the third party you authorise to receive your data to protect such information in accordance with applicable law  and to use it only to provide the services or information you have requested.  In the event that we consider selling or buying an activity or assets  we may be required  to the extent strictly necessary  to disclose your Personal Data to the seller or potential buyer of such business or assets ;  If GottaAppsor substantially all of our assets are acquired by a third party  the Personal Data that we hold about you will be transferred to that buyer.   The “Yoga with Gotta Joga application allows the User to add physical activities in order to benefit from information concerning the impact of such activities on the monitoring of their objectives and their health.  The User has several ways to enter information about such a physical activity:   Synchronise the “Yoga with Gotta Joga application with third party applications:  The User has the option to link the “Yoga with Gotta Joga application with third-party applications such as the Health application published by the APPLE Company  in order to automatically synchronise their physical activities with the Yoga with Gotta Joga application. To perform this synchronisation  the User must accept data sharing with the Apple Health app when requested (after adding a sport or directly in the application settings). If you connect to third-party apps such as Apple Health  “Yoga with Gotta Joga”will collect and use your personal data from these third-party apps  and in particular the health data you choose to synchronise with Yoga with Gotta Joga”. Yoga with Gotta Joga” does not use Apple Health data for marketing purposes  and does not share this data with third parties.  Manually enter a physical activity:  The User can also enter physical activities from those contained in the database of the “Yoga with Gotta Joga” application.   To access this Service  the User must accept data sharing from the Settings page of the application.    5. How do we protect your Personal Data?  The Personal Data collected by GottaApps are processed by it  as data controller  in compliance with the applicable data protection legislation (ie in particular Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016  - the GDPR -  as well as any subsequent regulations).  GottaApps undertakes to implement the technical and organizational security measures to ensure the protection of Personal Data against the risks associated with the use of information systems  including unauthorised access to such information. Except in case of disclosure of your Personal Data as described in point 4 above  we do not provide your Personal Data to a third party without your express consent.  All information that you provide to us through our services is stored on our secure servers located in France. All payment transactions will be encrypted using SSL technology. When we have given you (or if you have chosen) a password that allows you to access certain parts of the services  you are responsible for maintaining this password confidential. We ask you not to share a password with anyone. Unfortunately  transmitting information via the Internet is not completely secure. Although we do our best to protect your personal information  we cannot guarantee the security of your information transmitted to the services; any transmission is at your own risk.    6. How long do we keep your personal data  Your Personal Data is retained for a period of 10 years from the closing of your account or your last use of our Services if you have not closed your account  which corresponds to the applicable limitation period. This period may be extended beyond the duration of the judicial or administrative proceedings in progress  as the case may be.  However  upon closing of your account or after a period of two (2) years from your last use of our Services if you have not closed your account  your Personal Data is simply stored for archival purposes. secure to meet our legal obligations or  if necessary  allow us to defend ourselves in court. They are not communicated to third parties or used otherwise.    7. What are your rights in respect of your personal data?  You have the right to obtain  free of charge:   access to Personal Data about you and their rectification;  confirmation as to whether or not data related to him or her are being processed;  information at least as to the purposes of the processing operation  the categories of data concerned  and the recipients or categories of recipients to whom the data are disclosed;  communication  in an intelligible form  containing personal data undergoing processing  and any available information pertaining the data source;   You also have the following rights  within the limits provided by the applicable rules and subject to the proof of your identity:   request the deletion of all or part of the data or a limitation of the treatment;  oppose the processing of your data;  make use of your right to the portability of Personal Data.   These rights can be exercised by email sent to the following address: info@gottajoga.com . Do not hesitate to contact us at this address also for any further clarification on your rights' content or how to exercise them.  You may access your Personal Data and modify it at any time via your online account.  You also have the option to lodge a complaint in the event of a breach of the rules applicable to the protection of personal data  before a supervisory authority such as the French National Commission for Data Protection (CNPD).  You have the right to ask us not to use your personal information for marketing purposes to send you information about our own services. You may exercise your right to prevent such processing by following the opt-out instructions in the marketing material you receive or by contacting us at any time by email info@gottajoga.com .  The Services may  from time to time  contain links to the websites of our partner  advertisers and affiliate networks. If you follow a link to one of these sites  please note that these sites have their own privacy policies and that we are not responsible for the use made by these sites of the information collected when you click on these links. Please read these sites' privacy policies before sending them your Personal Data.    8. Children's Privacy  The Services are designed for people aged 18 and over. Children between the ages of 13 and 18 (or the age of majority in their country of residence) who are not emancipated (minors) may use the Services  but the use by minors must be made only under the supervision  control and with the consent of their legal representatives. We rely on parents and guardians to ensure that minors use the services by understanding their rights and responsibilities as set forth in the Terms of Use and Sale applicable to the Services (the Terms). If you are a legal representative of a minor and you consent to the use of the Services by the child you are legally responsible for  you agree to be bound by this Privacy Policy and the Terms. Children under the age of 13 are not allowed to use our services. If you are under the age of 13  please do not attempt to access or use the Services. If you believe we have been able to collect personal information from a child under the age of 13  please let us know at info@gottajoga.com so we can remove this information.    9. Changes to our privacy policy  GottaApps reserves the right to modify or update this Privacy Policy  or any of our policies or practices  at any time  and to notify users of the Services by posting the modified or updated Privacy Policy on this page. Any changes will take effect immediately after this publication. Your continued use of the Services constitutes your agreement to comply with the Privacy Policy as amended. In certain circumstances (for example  if we wish to use your Personal Data for purposes other than those stated in our privacy policy at the time of collection)  when necessary  we will notify you personally and / or seek your consent.    10. Contact us  Your questions  comments and requests regarding this privacy policy are welcome and should be sent to info@gottajoga.com .  This privacy policy is live and was updated on March 13th  2020.  