      Zumba  Strong Nation  Zumbini  Sign In    English English    Français    Italiano    Español    Português    Deutsch    한국어    Indonesian   Sign In    Classes    About the Class    Find An In-Person Class    Find a Virtual Class    Find an Instructor  Instructors    Become an Instructor    Virtual Trainings    Find a Training    Find an Instructor  Shop    Must Haves    New Arrivals    Women   All  Tops  Bras  Bottoms  Leggings  Jackets and Hoodies Men   Tops  Bottoms Accessories    Shoes    Gift Cards    SALE    Shop All  About    About the Class    Our Story    Member Benefits    Results    For Gyms  Member Benefits    STRONG for Gyms    Support    Media Inquiries    Careers    FAQs    Contact Us  Zumba    Zumbini    Language en English    Français    Italiano    Español    Português    Deutsch    한국어    Indonesian  Country   Promo  Virtual Instructor trainings now available - 30% off with NATION30     {{ summary.itemCount | number:0 }}    Navigation    About    About the Class    Our Story    Member Benefits    Results    For Gyms  Classes    About the Class    Find An In-Person Class    Find a Virtual Class    Find an Instructor    Become an Instructor  Instructor Trainings    Become an Instructor    Virtual Trainings    Find a Training  Shop    Must Haves    New Arrivals    Women    Men    Unisex    Accessories    Shoes    Gift Cards    SALE    Shop All   Top    {{::spanMessage}}  PRIVACY POLICY   Effective February 25  2020.    WHO WE ARE  Zumba Fitness  LLC is a Florida limited liability company with its principal place of business at 800 Silks Run  Suite 2310  Hallandale  Florida USA 33009 (“Zumba”  “us ” “we” or “our”). If you are resident in the European Economic Area (EEA) or Switzerland  Zumba Fitness  LLC is the responsible party or data controller with respect to Personal Data (defined below) we collect. If you have any questions or concerns at any time  please do not hesitate to contact us at the address above or by contacting us at privacy@zumba.com .    OUR PRIVACY STATEMENT  This Privacy Policy sets forth our policy with respect to information that can be associated with or which relates to a person and/or could be used to identify a person (“Personal Data”) that we collect from individuals that access or use our Zumba.com website and other websites we own and administer (e.g.  STRONGNation.com  Zumba-Cruise.com  etc.) (the “Sites”)  including all of our mobile application(s) or other ZUMBA products or services on any computer  mobile phone  tablet  console or other device. Non-Personal Data as used in this Privacy Policy is therefore any information that does not relate to a person and/or cannot be used to identify a person. When you interact with us through the Sites  we may also collect Non-Personal Data. The limitations and requirements in this Privacy Policy on our collection  use  disclosure  transfer and storage/retention of Personal Data do not apply to Non-Personal Data. Our primary goal in collecting your Personal Data and Non-Personal Data is to provide you with superior online services as well as information about our fitness programs  products and services.  We take the privacy of your Personal Data very seriously. Because of that  we have created this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy describes how we collect and use your Personal and Non-Personal Data through a variety of digital means. By accessing or using our Sites  you consent to this Privacy Policy. Provisions of this Privacy Policy may be changed  modified  added or removed at any time and such changes will become effective immediately upon posting of a new policy on the Sites. Your continued use of our products and services constitutes your acceptance to this Privacy Policy and any updates thereto. This Privacy Policy is incorporated into  and is subject to  our Terms of Use    WHAT INFORMATION ABOUT YOU DO WE COLLECT?  You may visit and browse the Sites without providing Personal Data. However  this may limit your ability to receive certain features  products or services from us.  Information you give us: We receive and store information you supply to us or permit us to access. This information may include  but is not limited to  your name  image  gender  date of birth  height  weight  lifestyle choices such as sleeping eating and exercise habits  email address  billing address  mailing address  billing information  telephone number  credit card number  credit card expiration date  shipping address  log-in name and password  social network username  calendar  location (GPS) information  Usage Information (as defined below)  and electronic opt-in notifications that you authorize  including  but not limited to  third party opt-in options.  Information automatically collected: We automatically receive and store certain types of information regarding your interaction with  and use of  our products and services. For example  as is common practice  we use cookies and similar technologies to obtain and determine certain information when your browser accesses the Sites including  but not limited to  the Internet Protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the internet  email address  browser type and version  operating system and platform. For users of our mobile service(s)  we automatically receive your location when you use the service. We may also receive other information from your mobile device  such as a device identifier. A device identifier is a small data file stored on or associated with your mobile device  which uniquely identifies your mobile device. A device identifier may be data stored in connection with the device hardware  data stored in connection with the device's operating system or other software  or data sent to the device by us. We or our third-party service providers may also use a variety of technologies that passively or automatically collect information about how the Sites is accessed and used (“Usage Information”)  including your browser type  device type  operating system  application version  the pages served to you  the pages accessed by you  the time you browse  preceding page views  and your use of features or applications on the Sites. This statistical data helps us understand what is interesting and relevant to users of the Sites so we can best tailor our content. We may also use web beacons or pixel tags  which are transparent graphic images placed on a web page or in an email and indicate that a page or email has been viewed or tell your browser to get content from another server.  Information about you given to us by third parties: We may receive information about you from third parties that feature our programs  products  services  or promotional offers if you opt-in to receive information from us. You may also choose to participate in a third party application or social media site through which you allow us to collect (or the third party to share) information about you  including Usage Information and certain Personal and/or Non-Personal Data.  We may also receive information about you from outside records from third parties  such as marketing related or demographic information to enhance our ability to tailor our content  products and services that we believe may be of interest to you. We may supplement the information we collect about you through the Sites with such information from third parties in order to enhance our ability to serve you  to tailor our content to you and/or to offer you opportunities to purchase products or services that we believe may be of interest to you. If we combine such data with information we collect through the Sites  such information is subject to this Privacy Policy unless we have disclosed otherwise.  Children’s Privacy – We do not knowingly collect Personal Data from children under the age of thirteen (13). If you are under the age of thirteen (13)  please do not submit any Personal Data through the Sites. We encourage parents and legal guardians to monitor their children’s Internet usage and to help enforce our Privacy Policy by instructing their children never to provide Personal Data through the Sites without their permission. If you have reason to believe that a child under the age of 13 has provided Personal Data to us through the Sites  please email us at privacy@zumba.com   and we will delete that information from our records.    WHAT ABOUT COOKIES?  Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that we transfer to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser to enable our systems to recognize your browser and to provide features for using our services. Cookies allow you to take full advantage of some of the features of our services and the Sites  and we recommend that you leave them turned on.    WHAT KIND OF COOKIES DO WE USE?  Cookies come in different varieties and our services may use several of those types. Broadly speaking  we use one or more of the following categories of cookies:  Strictly Necessary Cookies - These cookies are essential to enable you to navigate the Sites and use their features. Without these cookies  services like the shopping cart cannot be provided.  Performance Cookies - These cookies collect information about how you use the Sites or other services we provide — for instance  which webpages you go to most. This data may be used to help optimize the Sites and our services and make it easier for you to navigate. These cookies may also be used to let our affiliates know if you came to the Sites from an affiliate and if your visit resulted in the use or purchase of a product or service from us  including details of the product or service purchased. These cookies do not collect information that identifies you. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and is therefore anonymous.  Functionality Cookies - These cookies allow us to remember choices you make while browsing. For example  we may store your geographic location in a cookie to ensure that we show you the Sites localized for your area. They may also be used to keep track of what featured products or videos have been viewed to avoid repetition. The information these cookies collect will not personally identify you  and they cannot track your browsing activity on third-party websites.  Targeting Cookies - These cookies are used to deliver advertisements more relevant to you and your interests. They are also used to limit the number of times you see an advertisement as well as help measure the effectiveness of the advertising campaign. They are usually placed by advertising networks with our permission. They remember that you have visited a website and this information is shared with other organizations such as advertisers. Quite often targeting or advertising cookies will be linked to site functionality provided by the other organization.    WHAT IF YOU DO NOT WANT COOKIES?  The help portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies  how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie  or how to disable cookies altogether. You can find out more about how your browser handles cookies by visiting the links below:   Mozilla Firefox  Safari  Google Chrome  Internet Explorer  Opera  Adobe (Flash Cookies) HOW WE USE PERSONAL DATA?  Except as otherwise provided in this Privacy Policy  we will not provide any of your Personal Data to any third parties without your specific consent. We may share Non-Personal Data  such as aggregate user statistics  Usage Information  and demographic information with third parties.  The Personal Data we collect when you create a profile on the Sites will be used for identification and authentication purposes across our services  so you can use the same account details to log in from any location and on any device. The global single sign-on will allow our systems to identify you wherever you are in the world  meaning you will not need to register with us again if you are signing-in from a different country. It is necessary to process your Personal Data in this way for the performance of a contract between you and Zumba.  In addition  we will create a profile for you with the information needed to provide you with our products or services. The Personal Data we collect from the other sources listed above will be used in the format it is received  or  where appropriate  will be combined with Personal Data we obtain from other internal or external sources. We use and analyze this Personal Data where necessary for the purposes detailed below:   Registering for a Zumba ® or STRONG Nation ™ Instructor Training Course: we use relevant Personal Data (including your name  address email address  and payment details) in connection with your registration to attend a Zumba ® and/or STRONG Nation ™ Instructor Training Course  and to notify you of the status of the training course and any details related thereto. It is necessary to process your Personal Data in this way for the performance of a contract between you and Zumba.  Becoming a Licensed Zumba ® and/or STRONG Nation ™ Instructor: by becoming a licensed Zumba ® and/or STRONG Nation ™ Instructor (including by joining our Zumba ® Instructor Network (ZIN ™ ) and/or our STRONG Nation ™ SYNC Network (SYNC))  we use your Personal Data to communicate with you from time-to-time by email  mail  SMS  phone and/or other electronic means concerning your license(s)  the status of your license(s)  and your benefits as a licensee. These communications include transactional communications concerning your license  and/or products or services you may purchase; offers  promotions and discounts available to you as a licensee or former licensee; and information  offers  promotions  and discounts about our programs  products  services  and events. It is necessary to process your Personal Data in this way for the performance of a contract between you and Zumba.  Processing Your Order of Products/Services Through our Sites: we use relevant Personal Data (including your name  address email address  and payment details) to process and deliver your order  and to notify you of the status of your order. It is necessary to process your Personal Data in this way for the performance of a contract between you and Zumba.  Improving our Products  Programs and Services: we will use your Personal Data to build a profile on you in order to understand how you use our products  programs and services  to develop more interesting and relevant products  programs and services  to improve our Sites  as well as to personalize the products  programs and services we offer you. We process your Personal Data in this way as it is necessary for the purposes of our legitimate interests in providing better products and services for you and our other customers.  To Provide Customer Support: if you contact our Customer Service (or vice versa)  we will use Personal Data to process your request and provide you with the best service possible. We will process your Personal Data in this way if it is necessary for the performance of a contract between you and Zumba or if it is required for us to comply with any legal obligations. If it is not necessary to process your Personal Data for either of these reasons we will process it as it is necessary for the purposes of our legitimate interests in ensuring we can provide the best service possible.  Conducting Analytics: we will use the Personal Data we hold about you (as well as pseudonymized or anonymized information generated from your Personal Data) to carry out analysis and research. We carry out all such analysis and research on the basis that it is necessary for the purposes of our legitimate interests in understanding our customers and ensuring that our products  programs and services meet the needs of our customers and licensees. We do this in order to (i) learn more about our customers and licensees and their preferences; (ii) to identify patterns and trends amongst our customers and licensees; (iii) to enhance user experience on our Sites; (iv) to provide information  content and offerings tailored to our customers' and licensees’ needs; (v) for general research and statistical purposes; (vi) to develop new products  programs and services; (vii) to monitor performance of our products  programs and services and/or improve our technology; (viii) to be able to send you personalized marketing messages; and (ix) to display online ads to you.  Analyzing our Business: we will use your Personal Data (including by anonymizing and aggregating it with other data) for sales  supply chain  anti-fraud  and financial analysis purposes  to determine how we are performing and where improvements can be made and where necessary for financial reporting purposes. This is necessary for the purposes of our legitimate interests in understanding how our business is performing  and considering how to improve our business performance.   Sharing Information – We may provide your Personal Data (i) to our subsidiaries  including Zumba Fitness - Europe B.V.  which is located outside of the U.S.; (ii) to our service providers who assist us in conducting our business  including third parties involved in credit card processing  shipping  data management  email distribution  market research  information analysis  and promotions management; (iii) upon governmental request  in response to a court order  when required by law  to enforce our policies  or to protect our or others’ rights  property or safety; (iv) to prevent illegal uses of our products or services or violations of our Terms of Use  or to defend ourselves against third party claims; (v) to companies assisting us in fraud protection or investigations; and (vi) to a third party as part of our business assets in the event of a sale of all or a portion of our company.  Public Sharing – While on the Sites  you may have the opportunity to opt-in to receive information and/or marketing offers from someone else  or to otherwise consent to the sharing of your information with a third party  including social networking sites such as Facebook or Twitter. If you agree to have your Personal Data shared with a third party  your Personal Data will be disclosed to the third party subject to the privacy policy and business practices of that third party. You may also choose to share certain Personal Data on the Sites including  but not limited to  your activities on other platforms  such as social media networks like Facebook and Twitter. Please read the privacy policies of all such third party websites. Any Personal Data that share publicly may be used by us for promotional purposes.  We may send you carefully selected offers from other businesses. When we do this  we do not give that business your name and address. If you do not want to receive such offers  please indicate that you are opting out of such notification in your user profile. Other than as set out above  you will receive notice when information about you might go to third parties  and you will have an opportunity to choose not to share the information.    INTEREST-BASED ADS  We may partner with third-party service providers to serve ads on our behalf on non-affiliated third party websites. Some of those ads may be personalized  meaning that they are intended to be relevant to you based on information we or the online advertising network serving the ad collect about your online activities. For example  anonymous information collected across multiple websites that you visit over time may enable the ad network to predict your preferences and show you ads that are most likely to be of interest to you. Please note that we do not share any information that identifies you personally with the third party service providers who serve ads on our behalf.  To opt out of these types of ads  please visit the Network Advertising Initiative for information about how to opt-out of interest-based advertising by their members. See http://www.networkadvertising.org for general information about the NAI and http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp for the opt-out page. You may also visit http://www.aboutads.info/consumers/ to learn about online behavioral advertising and how to opt-out from online behavioral ads served by some or all participating companies. Note that if you opt-out of these types of ads  you may still see our ads at other websites  but the ads will not be tailored using third party tracking technologies associated with our Sites.    MOBILE MESSAGING TERMS  When you provide us with your mobile phone number  you are expressly agreeing that we may send you text messages (including SMS) to that phone number. You also agree to pay the charges to your wireless bill or to have them deducted from your prepaid balance for this service. You acknowledge that you are thirteen years of age or older and you have the consent of the wireless account holder. We will send you up to ten messages per month. Message and data rates apply.  Text STOP to the applicable code at any time to cancel and text HELP for help. You agree to receive a final text message confirming your opt-out. Consent is not required as a condition of purchasing any goods or services. You agree to notify us of any changes to your mobile number and update your information for us. Your carrier may prohibit or restrict certain mobile features and certain mobile features may be incompatible with your carrier or mobile device. Contact your carrier with questions regarding these issues.  We reserve the right to modify these Mobile Messaging Terms by posting new versions on this website as well as the right to provide additional notice of significant changes. Your continued use of the mobile messaging service following such changes constitutes your acceptance of those changes.    HOW WE STORE PERSONAL DATA  We may store Personal Data itself or such information may be stored by third parties to whom we have transferred it in accordance with this Privacy Policy. We take what we believe to be reasonable steps to protect the Personal Data we collect from loss  misuse  unauthorized use  access  inadvertent disclosure  alteration and destruction. However  no network  server  database or Internet or e-mail transmission is ever fully secure or error free. Therefore  you should take special care in deciding what information you send to us electronically. Please keep this in mind when disclosing any Personal Data.    YOUR RIGHTS  CHOICE AND ACCESS  You may direct us not to share your Personal Data with third parties  not to use your Personal Data to provide you with information or offers  or not to send you communications by: (i) contacting us at privacy@zumba.com ; or (iii) following the removal instructions in the communication you receive. Please understand that if you are a licensed Zumba® Instructor or if you have purchased certain products or services from us through the Sites  we must be able to communicate with you concerning your license  your licensed status  your benefits as a licensee  and any purchases you made through our Sites.  You have the right to request access to the Personal Data we have of you. You can do this by contacting us at privacy@zumba.com . In order to comply with your request  we may ask you to verify your identity. If you wish to modify  verify  correct  or update any of your Personal Data collected through the Sites  you may contact us at privacy@zumba.com . IF AT ANY POINT YOU WISH FOR US TO DELETE PERSONAL DATA ABOUT YOU  YOU CAN CONTACT US AS privacy@zumba.com . Please understand that if you are a licensed Zumba ® and/or STRONG Nation ™ Instructor and you request that your Personal Data be deleted  this will require us to remove your license and you will no longer be permitted to teach Zumba ® and/or STRONG Nation ™ classes.  In accordance with our routine record keeping  we may delete certain records that contain Personal Data you have submitted through the Sites. We are under no obligation to store such Personal Data indefinitely and disclaim any liability arising out of  or related to  the destruction of such Personal Data.    INTERNATIONAL PRIVACY LAWS  If you are visiting the Sites from outside the United States  please be aware that you are sending information (including Personal Data) to the United States where our servers are located. That information may then be transferred within the United States or back out of the United States to other countries outside of your country of residence  depending on the type of information and how it is stored by us. These countries (including the United States) may not necessarily have data protection laws as comprehensive or protective as those in your country of residence; however  our collection  storage and use of your Personal Data will at all times continue to be governed by this Privacy Policy.    CALIFORNIA DO NOT TRACK NOTICE  We do not track our customers over time and across third party websites to provide targeted advertising and therefore do not respond to Do Not Track (DNT) signals. However  some third party websites do keep track of your browsing activities when they serve you content  which enables them to tailor what they present to you. If you are visiting such websites  Safari 5.1+  Internet Explorer 9+  Firefox 5+ and Chrome allow you to set the DNT signal on your browser so that third parties (particularly advertisers) know you do not want to be tracked.    WHAT IF I LINK TO A THIRD-PARTY WEBSITE FROM THE SITES?  When you click links and/or banners that take you to third party websites  you will be subject to the third parties' privacy policies. We urge you to read and understand the privacy policies of such websites  as their practices may differ from ours.    HOW DO WE PROTECT PERSONAL DATA?  We undertake reasonable measures  including using encryption technology  to keep your Personal Data safe. However  no electronic data transmission or storage of information can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. Please note that we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us. It is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your password and other personal information and to your computer. Be sure to sign off when finished using a shared computer.    WHAT IF I HAVE QUESTIONS?  If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy  please send us an email to privacy@zumba.com . SHOP WITH CONFIDENCE   Customer Service  FAQs  Privacy Policy  Return Policy  Shipping Policy  Terms Of Use  Gift Cards Terms And Conditions     Facebook  Twitter  Instagram Our brands:  Zumba ®  Strong Nation ™ Strong Nation ®  About & Classes    About the Class    Find An In-Person Class    Find a Virtual Class    Our Story    Results    Instructors    Find an Instructor    Become an Instructor    Membership Benefits    For Gyms    Support    FAQS    Contact Us    Careers    Media Inquiries    Shop    New Arrivals    Returns    Shipping Policy    Sales Terms       Privacy Policy    Trademark    Terms Of Use    Careers  © Copyright 2020 Zumba Fitness  LLC.      