You need to enable JavaScript to run this app. LOG IN BECOME TRAINER END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT AND TERMS OF SERVICE Effective Date: March 3rd  2017 Last Updated Date: March 3rd  2017 Gym Done is an online fitness application  which gives our users and community members to create their own fitness profiles with unique workout sets and plans. Moreover  members can share their workouts with other people via social media accounts if they want. In that case  part of the personal information will be seen by other people. However  users can change  add  or remove personal information and have control on what others see  including their fitness results. Gym Done seriously takes care about security and safety of its members  and ensures that the personal information provided stays safe and confidential. The company guarantees that it does not sell  rent or trade the data gathered from the customers. Data Gathered by Gym Done The information the company collects  helps to enrich the user experience and to the further development of the application. Gym Done collects personal information when you sign up for an account. The information includes data such as name  gender and age  geographical location. We require other personal fitness information  such as height  personal habits  meal details and program progress  and anything you choose to track and keep records of. We collect this information so that we can provide a good personalized plan for your successful training results. You can choose not to provide any information that is affirmatively requested of you. However  this may limit your ability to use the service. We require your email address during the registration  so that we can contact you regarding the Gym Done  such as news  notifications  updates or new product or service announcements. Cookies Information: When you visit Gymdone.com or other websites regarding the service  we may send one or more cookies — a small text file containing a string of alphanumeric characters — to your computer that uniquely identifies your browser and allows the Company to help you log in faster and enhance your navigation through the site. The user can reset the web browser to deny all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. But  some features of the service may not be available or function right in case of the denial of cookies. Log File Information: Log file information is automatically reported by the browser every time you visit the web site. When you register with or access the web page  the servers will record particular information that your browser sends automatically. The information may include web request  Internet Protocol (“IP”) address  browser type  referring/exit pages and URLs  number of clicks  domain names  landing pages  pages viewed  and other such information. Updating or Editing Information User can change  add or remove any their personal information any time they want  by logging into their account  through Edit Profile or Account Settings. Through the email communication the user will be updated about news  new products  special offers and more. The users are able to unsubscribe from the e-newsletter opportunity  following the instructions at the bottom of the email. Links to Other Sites Gym Done application and website may contain other third party links  for which privacy practices the company is not responsible. The user should read or refer to the privacy policies of that third party. Privacy Policy Change From time to time we may make changes to our privacy policy. If we alter our privacy policy in any way we will post those changes here. If we make any substantial changes in the way we use your personal data  we will post those changes on our Gymdone.com website. When you use the Gymdone.com sites to provide personally identifiable information  you consent to the collection and use of that information in accordance with this privacy policy. If you have any concerns  questions  regarding this policy  feel free to contact us at [email protected] . Home Privacy Terms [email protected] All Rights Reserved