Fivestars Studio Privacy Policy Updated automatically every 5 minutes Fivestars Studio Privacy Policy Last Modified: July 28  2018 Fivestars Studio(“we” ”us” or “our”)always towards the user and create the perfect app.This Privacy Policy informs you of your choices and our practices regarding any information you provided to us and we collect.  This privacy statement applies to our domain on google play store and its products  namely Fast Charger - Battery Saver Master  5S Cleaner - Phone Cleaner & Booster  7 Minute Abs Workout - Six Pack in 30 Days… When you use these services—and any others we release—you’ll inevitably share some information with us. Since your privacy means much to us  we want you to learn about the information we collect  how we use it  whom we share it with  and the choices we give you to control  access  and update your information. We encourage you to read this Privacy Policy carefully so that you can make informed decisions about your use of our mobile applications.  Personal Data  Personal data refers to personally identifiable information that specifically identifies you as an individual (e.g. your name  email address). We do NOT collect  store or use any of your Personal data. If you contact us by email  then we will use your email address only for the purpose of contacting you. This will be only in response to a communication from you. User Entered Data  All data entered into the applications by you remains on your device. We never pass this data and we never use it. Device Data  Non-personal data refers to information that  by itself  does not personally identify you. We may collect Non-personal data such as your device model number  operating system version  country code and other properties for purposes of managing the applications. We use third party analytics service to help anonymously monitor app usage and identify potential issues. This is purely a means to help us improve the applications usability experience. How We Use Information  Provide and deliver the products  services  and functionality that you request  process transactions  and send you related information. Monitor and analyze trends and usage  Develop  improve  and refine products  services  and functionality  Personalize the Services by providing advertisements  content  or features that match user profiles or interests. Personal Information  We do not record  store  collect information that identifies you as an individual. We do not attempt to obtain any sensitive information. We will not sell  trade or disclose any personal information you might give us without your prior consent. However  information will be disclosed where required by law.  Google Analytics Though we don't store and use any personal information our applications may contain APIs from third parties  specifically  our mobile applications can use Google Analytics to help analyse how users behave with our applications. We mainly look out how long users have spent in the applications  how many screens were displayed and the location(Country/Region) of our users. This information is then used to evaluate the use of our applications and to improve the usability. You can find more about Google Analytics privacy policy here: https://firebase.google.com/support/privacy/ By using our applications  you agree to the terms of this policy Advertisements We may display advertisements in our applications to fund the development process for current and future Services. The advertisements are provided by third party companies and they may use and collect anonymous data about the user's interests to be able to select more relevant advertisements. This information may also include location data and unique device identifier. No information is collected to allow third parties identifying you as a person. You can find more about Admob policy here: http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/ By using our applications  you agree to the terms of this policy Acceptance of the terms By using our applications  you agree to the terms of this policy. If you do not accept the terms in this policy  please do not install or use our applications. The continued use of our products after any amendment of this privacy policy will be deemed your acceptance of the changes and/or new terms. Contact Information  If you have any questions or comments about this Policy or our privacy practices  or to report any violations of the Policy or abuse of an Application  please contact us at fivesstars68studio@gmail.com Policy Updates  We may modify or update this Privacy Policy from time to time  so please review it periodically. We may provide you additional forms of notice of modifications or updates as appropriate under the circumstances. Published by Google Drive – Report Abuse