      Home  About Us  Privacy Policy  Contact Us   HODOZ APP DEVELOPMENT   portfolio web templates Privacy Policy  Last updated: May 22  2020 This Privacy Policy applies to all of Hodoz apps  websites and other related services (collectively the Services). By using our Services  you acknowledge and consent to the terms of this privacy policy. This policy will let you know: What information (often referred to as data) is collected from you. How your information is used. With whom your information may be shared. How you can access  update  or delete your information. We will comply with all relevant and applicable legislative requirements  and  in the event of any inconsistency  the legislative requirements will override the provisions of this document. What data do we collect? We collect data in three ways: Data collected automatically. Data you provide us. Data collected by our partners. Certain data is collected automatically. This includes: Data about your game/app progress. Data about your device  such as device name  operating system  browser type and language. Data about your use of our Services  such as gameplay data and your interactions with other players inside the Services. Your IP addresses and mobile device identifiers (such as your device ID  advertising ID  MAC address  IMEI). Please note  there are ways to prevent this  which are outlined in the advertising/third-party lists below. We do not use cookies in order to track your movement around our website. Data you provide us We collect and store your email when you sign up for our newsletter  or where you specifically allow our apps to collect your player name and your email. We will also keep your contact details if you contact us so that we can reply to you. Data we collect from our third-party partners To operate and manage our Services we need to use third-party service providers from time to time. A list of those parties can be found in this privacy policies. The type of information we might collect from them includes: Data we receive if you link a third-party tool with the Services (such as login using your Facebook or Google account). Demographic data (such as to determine the coarse location of your IP address). Data from platforms that the games run on (such as to verify payment). Data for advertising and analytics purposes  so we can keep improving our games. How do we use the data we collect? Data collected  personal or non-personal  will always be treated securely and in accordance with this document  and any applicable legislation. We may analyze  profile and segment all collected data in anonymized form  to improve our apps. If any app crashes occur  we collect non-personal device information provided automatically by your device to help understand what caused the crash. We never process or store sensitive information such as credit card numbers  social security numbers  tax IDs or any other similar information about you. Such information is securely collected by app stores (Apple iTunes  Google Play  Amazon App Store etc.) if you purchase products from us  but we do not have access to this sensitive information at all. Personal Information is information that identifies you as an individual. This is only collected by us if you submit it to us directly. Newsletter  When you opt-in to join our mailing list for the purpose of receiving our newsletter  we will use that to provide you with direct marketing communications about upcoming games  features of our websites and other events and promotions related to our games. You may unsubscribe from our newsletter at any time. All you need to do is unsubscribe from the link in the email  or let us know in writing that you want to be removed. Advertising  Some of our apps contain third-party advertising. We may occasionally promote other products of our own withing apps. All reasonable endeavours are used to ensure that these ad networks comply with all applicable legislation in the provision of their services towards us. We may occasionally cross-promote the products of other affilated developers that offer similar products and share similar values as expressed on their own published privacy policies. We take great care in selecting advertising partners. We do not work with companies delivering ads of inappropriate content. As we do not have direct control of which ads are shown in our apps at any given moment  we encourage you to contact us if you find ads in our apps that violate this policy  and report those ads by clicking on the ?  i or ad icon that's usually in the corner of the ad. If you click on any advertisements through our aps or games  the advertisers may use cookies and other web-tracking technologies to collect data  to provide targeted advertisements to you. Through our aps or games  you can decline consent so that the advertisers will not be able to do this. The list of our ad networks privacy policies and additional opt-out instructions may be found here: Admob Privacy Policy Facebook Audience Network Privacy Policy Appodeal Privacy Policy Opting out of targeted advertising You can also opt-out of targeted-based advertising on mobile applications by checking the privacy settings of your Android or iOS device and selecting limit ad tracking (Apple iOS) or opt-out of interest-based ads (Android). This will also prevent mobile device identifiers from being collected. Collection of other non-personal information Some non-personal information may be gathered while you use our games. Non-personal information is general  non-identifiable and anonymous information that is gathered for statistical  analytical and research purposes such as the improvement of our games (for example  bug fixes). Our Services may also contain APIs from other third-parties. Here is a list of their privacy policies and opt-out instructions: Apple Privacy Policy Facebook Analitics Privacy Policy Yandex Privacy Policy Google Privacy Policy Crashlytics Privacy Policy Pollfish Privacy Policy Firebase Privacy Policy Access to your data  and permanent deletion of your data You have the right to view your data  update your data  have your data deleted  object how we use or share your data  and restrict how we use or share your data. If certain personal data is processed based on consent given by you  such consent can also be withdrawn by you at any time  for example in the game's settings. If you wish to know what data we hold about you  if any  or have it deleted  please make out your request to us in writing at the address listed below. Please be aware that in order to protect the information in our database  we will require identification from you before releasing any information. We will respond to all requests within a reasonable timeframe. Disclosure of Personal Information We will not sell  trade  rent or disclose any of the personal information you provide to us for any reason  without your prior consent. Otherwise  your Personal Information will only be disclosed where required or allowable by law. Your Personal Information is stored offsite in a manner that reasonably protects it from misuse  loss  unauthorized access  modification or disclosure. Age Limits We do not collect information  nor do we direct interest-based advertising to anyone under the age of 13 years. If you believe that we have inadvertently collected information from a person under the age of 13  please contact us at the email address goodmigel@gmail.com and the information will be permanently deleted. Child security Under no circumstance will Hododz collect sensitive information from children. Hodoz is not currently collecting any sensitive information from minors and all its mobile apps include strict parental controls in order to protect children from accidental purchases or unwanted publicity. The only personal data we collect is: cookies  unique device identifiers for advertising (Google advertiser ID or IDFA  for example) and usage data. We also advise reading this privacy policy since by allowing your children to use our services you are agreeing to this privacy policy on their behalf. If you disagree  please do not allow your child to use our apps. We do not contact or collect information from children under 13 without the permission of their parents/guardians. However  if you believe that we have inadvertently collected such information  please contact us to promptly obtain the consent of the parents/guardians or erase the information. Policy Updates This Policy may change from time to time. The most current version of our Privacy Policy can be found at https://www.hodoz.com/privacy/. We will always keep this up to date so that you know what information we will collect from you  how we may use it  and when we may disclose it. Contact Information If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy  please contact us at goodmigel@gmail.com. Hodoz reserves the right to modify this privacy policy at any time  so please review it frequently.     © Copyright 2019 Hodoz - All Rights Reserved We work to make life easier    