Search this site Simple Vision Apps Home GIF Maker Privacy Policy Reversi Privacy Policy Sudoku Privacy Policy Gomoku Privacy Policy Tabata Timer Privacy Policy Tabata Timer (Ad Free) Privacy Policy Tabata Timer Privacy Policy (IOS) simple vision support information Simple Vision Apps Home GIF Maker Privacy Policy Reversi Privacy Policy Sudoku Privacy Policy Gomoku Privacy Policy Tabata Timer Privacy Policy Tabata Timer (Ad Free) Privacy Policy Tabata Timer Privacy Policy (IOS) simple vision support information More Home GIF Maker Privacy Policy Reversi Privacy Policy Sudoku Privacy Policy Gomoku Privacy Policy Tabata Timer Privacy Policy Tabata Timer (Ad Free) Privacy Policy Tabata Timer Privacy Policy (IOS) simple vision support information Tabata Timer Privacy Policy Privacy Policy Simple Vision built the Tabata Timer app for Android as a Free app. This SERVICE is provided by Simple Vision at no cost and is intended for use as is. This Privacy Policy is meant to inform users regarding my policies with the collection  use  and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use my Service. If you choose to use my Service  then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. I will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy. The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions  which is accessible at Tabata Timer unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy. Information Collection and Use I care about your privacy and data security.  This SERVICE (the app) does not collect any data. However   for a better experience  while using This Service  the app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you. Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app Google Play Services You have choices regarding the information Google collect and how it's used Go to Privacy Checkup Google AdMob I keep this app free by showing ads. This SERVICE uses Google AdMob to serve  ads. The Google Play Developer Program Policy requires that all updates and new apps uploaded to Google Play use the advertising ID (when available on a device) in place of any other device identifiers for any advertising purposes. The advertising ID is a unique  user-resettable ID for advertising  provided by Google Play services. It enables users to reset their identifier or opt out of personalized ads (formerly known as interest-based ads) within Google Play apps. This SERVICE (the app) does not use The advertising ID to collect any data. However  Google may use the advertising ID from the device on which the ad is serving to generate interests and demographics (for example  'sports enthusiasts'). Interests  demographics  and other data may be used to serve better targeted ads to the user. How to opt out of personalized ads 1. Open your device's Settings app > Google  or open the the Google Settings app (differs depending on your device). 2. Under “Services ” select Ads. 3. Turn on “Opt out of Ads Personalization” by moving the switch to the right until it turns blue. Ad settings Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads. You can modify your interests  choose whether your personal information is used to make ads more relevant to you  and turn on or off certain advertising services. Go to Ad Settings Why I use Third Party Service Providers (Google Play Services   AdMob) I may employ third-party service due to the following reasons: To facilitate This Service; To provide the Service on our behalf; To perform Service-related services; or I want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However  they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose. Cookies Cookies are files with small amount of data that is commonly used an anonymous unique identifier. These are sent to your browser from the website that you visit and are stored on your device internal memory. This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However  the app may use third party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collection information and to improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies  you may not be able to use some portions of this Service. Security I value your trust in providing us your Personal Information  thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet  or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable  and I cannot guarantee its absolute security. Links to Other Sites This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link  you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by me. Therefore  I strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. I have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content  privacy policies  or practices of any third-party sites or services. Children’s Privacy These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. I do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. In the case I discover that a child under 13 has provided me with personal information  I immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information  please contact me so that I will be able to do necessary actions. Changes to This Privacy Policy I may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus  you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. I will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page. Contact Me If you have any questions or suggestions about my Privacy Policy  do not hesitate to contact me. E-mail : mozygle@gmail.com Report abuse Google Sites Report abuse