   Sign Up Login Dashboard Stream Notebook Leaderboards Account Your Best Go Pro Help About Us FitnessSyncer Privacy Policy Effective on December 23  2019 This privacy statement describes how FX Development  Inc. collects  uses  and shares the personal information you provide on our Web site: fitnesssyncer.com . It also describes the choices available to you regarding our use of your personal information and how you can access and update this information.  FitnessSyncer complies with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection  use  and retention of personal information transferred from the European Union  the United Kingdom  and Switzerland to the United States. FitnessSyncer has certified to the Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles.  If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the Privacy Shield Principles  the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern.  To learn more about the Privacy Shield program  and to view our certification  please visit https://www.privacyshield.gov/  Collection and Use of Personal Information We collect the following personal information from you Contact Information such as name  email address  mailing address  phone number Unique Identifiers such as user name  account number  password Preferences Information such as product wish lists  order history  marketing preferences Health or Medical Information such as prescription information and heart rate As is true of most Web sites  we automatically gather information about your computer such as your IP address  browser type  operating system  and individual pages visited. We use this information to Administer your account Send you newsletters Send you marketing communications Administer contests and sweepstakes you entered  and notify you if you won Respond to your questions and concerns Improve our Web site and marketing efforts Assess potential risk and fraud Display content based upon your interests Transfers of Personal Data When you create a FitnessSyncer account  add personal data in your profile  or sync or upload data to your account  your personal data will be collected and stored on servers in the United States. Our hosting provider is an SSAE-SOC 1 Type 2  SSAE-SOC 2 Type 2  HIPAA  PCI and ISAE-3402 compliant company  is an active participant in the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework  pursuant to Art. 44  Rec. 102 of the E.U. GDPR.  In the event of an issue with our third-parties  we are only liable for those companies and services that are foundational to our service  unless it is proven we are not responsible for that damage. An example of this would be our credit card processor. We will not be liable for transfers of your personal data as part of our synchronization service; it is up to you to review their policies prior to synchronizing to that service. Managing Personal Data You may manage your personal data on FitnessSyncer via these options: Unsubscribe from E-mail Marketing: You may unsubscribe from all E-mail Marketing by signing into your FitnessSyncer Account  going to your Profile  and disabling the “Send me periodic product updates” option. Deleting Your Account: You may delete your FitnessSyncer account by signing into your FitnessSyncer account on FitnessSyncer.com  going to your Profile  and selecting the Delete Account option. Access Your Data: You may access your data in FitnessSyncer by exporting that data via CSV. The easiest way to do so is to use our Cloud CSV Export feature.  If you require assistance with the above or have any questions  you may reach out to us at support@fitnesssyncer.com . Information Sharing We will share your personal information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this privacy statement or as is required by law. Certain laws such as California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) classify the sharing of personal information as sold or a sale; we do not sell your personal information to third parties  but rather share information with select organizations to provide you with FitnessSyncer’s services. We may provide your personal information to companies that provide services to help us with our business activities such as credit card processing  shipping your order or offering customer service. These companies are authorized to use your personal information only as necessary to provide these services to us. These organizations include: Credit Card Processing Organizations: When you make a purchase on FitnessSyncer.com or on one of our apps  your personal information is shared with a credit card processor  which includes Stripe  Apple Pay  or the app store’s provider you have used. Shipment of Goods: To deliver items you may have purchased with us  we share data with shipping providers like United States Post Office or Federal Express to ensure fulfillment of your items. Customer Service: If you reach out for support  some of your personal information will be captured in our customer support issue tracking and support infrastructure such as Atlassian JIRA Service Desk  Atlassian JIRA  and Atlassian Confluence. E-mail Marketing: If you elect to be on our periodic e-mail list  the e-mail list will be hosted by a third-party vendor such as Mailgun. Hosting: FitnessSyncer is hosted within various cloud infrastructure providers  including Amazon Web Services  Linode  or StackPath. All of your personal data is encrypted. Web Site Usage Information: Like most web sites  FitnessSyncer uses services to better understand usage of our products and services to improve them. To do so  we use services like Google Analytics. Consulting Services: We occasionally engage with consulting services to evaluate our processes  audit our systems  and assist in our overall operations. Social Networks and Sharing: We use widgets and tools from social networks  for example  widgets from Facebook or Twitter  to enable sharing and other functions through social networks. Anonymized Crash Reporting: When using our apps  you may occasionally experience a crash. If you choose to report this error  some anonymized information about your device and the crash will be sent to the App Store Provider or our elected crash reporting application such as Microsoft. Destination Synchronization: When you add a Destination Synchronization Task in your account  FitnessSyncer will share your personal information covered by that request with the third party mentioned. You should review their privacy policy. We may also disclose your personal information as required by law such as to comply with a subpoena  or similar legal process when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights  protect your safety or the safety of others  investigate fraud  or respond to a government request if FX Development  Inc. is involved in a merger  acquisition  or sale of all or a portion of its assets  you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our Web site of any change in ownership or uses of your personal information  as well as any choices you may have regarding your personal information to any other third party with your prior consent to do so. You may access your personal information in your profile or by exporting your data to CSV at any time. We do not keep any of your data when you delete your data from the user interface or when you delete your account.  You may limit your personal information disclosure by using filters or not exporting data to other providers.  Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies We may use cookies  for example  to keep track of your preferences and profile information. Cookies are also used to collect general usage and volume statistical information that does not include personal information. We use another company to place cookies on your computer to collect non-personally identifiable information to compile aggregated statistics for us about visitors to our site. You may disable or reset cookies to opt-out of such tracking  although certain sections of the website may require cookies to be enabled to provide the full service. Links to Other Web Sites Our Site includes links to other Web sites whose privacy practices may differ from those of fitnesssyncer.com. If you submit personal information to any of those sites  your information is governed by their privacy statements. We encourage you to carefully read the privacy statement of any Web site you visit. Security The security of your personal information is important to us. When you enter sensitive information (such as credit card number) on our order forms  we encrypt the transmission of that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL). We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us  both during transmission and once we receive it. No method of transmission over the Internet  or method of electronic storage  is 100% secure  however. Therefore  we cannot guarantee its absolute security. We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services. This data is stored securely and encrypted. If you wish to cancel your account or request that we no longer use your information to provide you services contact us at support@fitnesssyncer.com . We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations  resolve disputes  and enforce our agreements. If you have any questions about security on our Web site  you can contact us at support@fitnesssyncer.com Additional Policy Information Correcting and Updating Your Personal Information To review and update your personal information to ensure it is accurate  contact us at support@fitnesssyncer.com . Dispute Resolution Within the scope of this privacy notice  if a privacy complaint or dispute cannot be resolved through FX Development  Inc.’s internal processes  FX Development  Inc. has agreed to participate in the VeraSafe Privacy Shield Dispute Resolution Procedure. Subject to the terms of the VeraSafe Privacy Shield Dispute Resolution Procedure   VeraSafe will provide appropriate recourse free of charge to you. To file a complaint with VeraSafe under the Privacy Shield Dispute Resolution Procedure  please submit the required information to VeraSafe here .  Enforcement We take your privacy extremely seriously and treat it as our own. You should know that we are subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) and under the terms of the Privacy Shield  under certain conditions  you may invoke binding arbitration. Notification of Privacy Statement Changes We may update this privacy statement to reflect changes to our information practices. If we make any material changes we will notify you by email (sent to the e-mail address specified in your account) or by means of a notice on this Site prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices. Contact Information You can contact us about this privacy statement by writing or email us at the address below: FX Development  Inc. 4574 36th Ave W Seattle   WA   United States  98199 Email: info@fitnesssyncer.com Phone: (206) 701-9682 About Getting Started Pricing About Us Follow Us Newsletters Legal Terms of Use Privacy FitnessSyncer Help Status FitnessSyncer Uploader FitnessSyncer uses cookies on this website to ensure you have an excellent user experience. By continuing to use this website  you accept the use of cookies. Learn More Agree and Continue