    Home  Legal Avryx Applications - Legal   1. Use of Application  By downloading any application from Avryx or Google™ (here after referred to as “The Company”)  installing or using this application or any portion thereof (“Application”)  you agree to the following terms and conditions (the “Terms and Conditions”).  a. The Company grants you the non-exclusive  non-transferable  limited right and license to install and use this Application solely and exclusively for your personal use.  b. You may not use the Application in any manner that could damage  disable  overburden  or impair the Application (or servers or networks connected to the Application)  nor may you use the Application in any manner that could interfere with any other party’s use and enjoyment of the Application (or servers or networks connected to the Application).  c. You agree that you are solely responsible for (and that The Company has no responsibility to you or to any third party for) your use of the Application  any breach of your obligations under the Terms and Conditions  and for the consequences (including any loss or damage which The Company may suffer) of any such breach.  2. Proprietary Rights  You acknowledge that:  a. the Application contains proprietary and confidential information that is protected by applicable intellectual property and other laws  and  b. The Company and/or third parties own all right  title and interest in and to the Application and content  excluding content provided by you  that may be presented or accessed through the Application  including without limitation all Intellectual Property Rights therein and thereto. “Intellectual Property Rights” means any and all rights existing from time to time under patent law  copyright law  trade secret law  trademark law  unfair competition law  and any and all other proprietary rights  and any and all applications  renewals  extensions and restorations thereof  now or hereafter in force and effect worldwide. You agree that you will not  and will not allow any third party to  (i) copy  sell  license  distribute  transfer  modify  adapt  translate  prepare derivative works from  decompile  reverse engineer  disassemble or otherwise attempt to derive source code from the Application or content that may be presented or accessed through the Application for any purpose  unless otherwise permitted  (ii) take any action to circumvent or defeat the security or content usage rules provided  deployed or enforced by any functionality (including without limitation digital rights management functionality) contained in the Application  (iii) use the Application to access  copy  transfer  transcode or retransmit content in violation of any law or third party rights  or (iv) remove  obscure  or alter The Company’s or any third party’s copyright notices  trademarks  or other proprietary rights notices affixed to or contained within or accessed in conjunction with or through the Application.  3. The Company Terms of Service and Privacy Policy  a. The Company’s Privacy Policy (located at http://www.google.com/privacypolicy.html) explains how The Company treats your information and protects your privacy when you use the Application. You agree to the use of your data in accordance with The Company’s privacy policies.  b. The Application may contain features that are used in conjunction with The Company’s search and other services. Accordingly  your use of such features of the Application is also governed by The Company’s Terms of Service located at https://www.google.com/policies/terms/  The Company’s Privacy Policy located at http://www.google.com/privacypolicy.html  as well as any applicable The Company Service-specific Terms of Service and Privacy Policy  which may be updated from time to time and without notice.   