Search this site Interval Timer Privacy Policy Interval Timer Privacy Policy for Interval Timer - Workout Timer HIIT & Tabata ( https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=fitnesstraining.workout.stopwatch.hiit.intervaltimer ) LenGo Apps built the Interval Timer app as a Freemium app. This SERVICE is provided by LenGo Apps at no cost and is intended for use as is. This page is used to inform visitors regarding my policies with the collection  use  and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use my Service. If you choose to use my Service  then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. Information Collection and Use The Interval Timer does not have access to your contacts or other sensitive data and does not store any personal information. The app however does use third party services that may collect and store information used to identify you. Advertising The Interval Timer uses advertising to provide the content free of charge. When you use the app your device automatically sends certain information to the advertising partners. This information includes  for example  the name of the app  the device type  and a mobile device identifier. Within the EU only non-personalized ads are shown. These ads use a mobile identifier  for example to combat fraud and abuse  but not for personalization. The Interval Timer uses AdMob as an advertising service  which is provided by AdMob Google Inc.  You can find more information here: https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites  https://policies.google.com/technologies/ads  In App Products Google Play In-app Billing is used to offer you In-app purchases. When you make a purchase  your Google Payments Account is used and certain information may be collected  for example the date of the transaction. You can find more information here: https://policies.google.com/technologies/wallet https://payments.google.com/payments/apis-secure/get_legal_document?ldo=0&ldt=privacynotice&ldl=en  Permissions Storage To allow you to save and load workouts (exercises and plans) or workout statistics  the app requires read and write permission to the device storage. Network access A connection to the internet is required to load and show ads. Cookies Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device's internal memory. This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However  the app may use third party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collect information and improve their services.  Links to Other Sites This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link  you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by me. Therefore  I strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. I have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content  privacy policies  or practices of any third-party sites or services. Children’s Privacy These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. I do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. Owner and Data Controller LenGo Apps  Carmerstr. 66  45147 Essen  Germany Contact e-mail: lengo.apps@gmail.com Changes to This Privacy Policy I may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus  you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. I will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page. Report abuse Page details Page updated  Google Sites Report abuse