        Navigation ein-/ausblenden  Fitness    Ernährung    Rezepte    Lifestyle    Impressum  Deutsch    3dots Fitness & Nutrition App Privacy Policy The concept of 3dots Fitness & Nutrition is largely based on the publication of information released from users for other users. This information is made available through the 3dots app. 3dots collects data to maintain the respective user profile and to personalize the tasks in the app in the best possible way  so that the most suitable challenges and product recommendations in the dots shop can be suggested. All data that the user provides while using 3dots are viewable for other users of the 3dots app. The user cannot change this  and gives their full consent that other users may view these data. Under the point privacy settings which users can find in the App under settings  a user can turn the profile gallery (image and video uploads and posts) into invisible for all users which are not friends of the user. (Friends are user´s who follows a user and get followed back). Even if a user activated the privacy setting a friend can still see the users uploads. Profile pictures and profile descriptions are visible to any time to any user. Should a user prefer not to share certain information with other users  they just have to leave the corresponding part of the profile blank. If they fill in unwanted information by mistake  the user can simply delete it. The user’s E-mail address is not viewable for other users. I. Name And Address of The Data Controller The accountable according to the General Data Protection Regulation  the national legal Data Protection Regulations of member states and other Data Protection provisions is the: 3dots innovations GmbH Gartenstrasse 19 71638 Ludwigsburg Germany Tel.: 01739315865 E-Mail: info@3dots.fitness www.3dots.fitness II. Name And Address of The Data Protection Commissioner The Data Controller’s Data Protection Commissioner is: Stilgrenze GmbH Bannwaldallee 32 76187 Jan Dettling – Tel. 0721 / 170 299 79 – E-Mail: jd@stilgrenze.de III. General Data Processing 1. Extend of Personalized Data Processing We process the user’s personalized data under the premise  that it is essential for providing a functioning app  content and services. The processing of the user’s personalized data requires their prior consent. An exception applies when obtaining prior consent is not possible due to effective reasons and when the processing of data is lawful as of legal provisions. 3dots collects personalized information of the users upon registration. The collected details can be categorized as: Name and surname; E-mail address. Furthermore  3dots collects personalized details throughout the usage of 3dots. The collected data is provided voluntarily  and can be categorized as following: Fitness Status (beginner  experienced  athlete  etc.) Aim of using the app (health and vitality  body transformation  fun and challenge  etc.) Date of birth Weight Height (in meters) Diet (vegan  vegetarian  omnivore  allergies  etc.) Exercise (up to 30 min/day  up to 60 min/day  up to 120 min/day  etc. ) 3dots requires the access to the camera  the gallery and the microphone. as well as the media storage of the user’s smartphone. In some cases 3dots also requires the location of the user. This is required so that the user can prove that he has completed a challenge  either by uploading a medium from the storage or by take a photo/video directly. This proves that the challenge is completed  and that dots can be allocated to the account. Uploaded media is stored until the profile is deleted . By registering  the user expressly agrees that 3dots is entitled to use customizable information for purposes of application by 3dots. 3dots does not disclose customizable information to third parties  unless this is required by the law  or the user grants his explicit consent. 3dots takes appropriate measures to ensure that unauthorized third parties cannot access stored data. However  no liability is assumed for the impairment  alteration or misuse of information that the user has made available to other users. The user agrees that non-customizable data will be transferred to a third party for market analysis purposes. State of health related data will never be transferred to marketing networks or similar. These details will be stored until the profile is deleted. 2. Legal Grounds For The Processing of Personal Data Provided that we obtain the consent of the Data Subject for the processing of personal data  Art. 6 Para. 1 a of the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) serves as the legal basis. With the processing of personal data necessary for fulfilling a contract to which the Data Subject is a party  Art. 6 Para. 1 b GDPR serves as the legal basis. This also applies to the processing activities necessary for the implementation of pre-contractual measures. If processing of personal data is necessary for the fulfilment of a legal duty to which our company is subject  Art. 6 Para. 1 c GDPR serves as the legal basis. In the event that the vital interests of the Data Subject or of another natural person make the processing by personal data necessary  Art. 6 Para. 1 d GDPR serves as the legal basis. If the processing is necessary to safeguard a legitimate interest of our company or of a third party and if the interests  fundamental rights and fundamental freedoms of the Data Subject do not take precedence over the first-named interest  Art. 6 Para. 1 f GDPR serves as the legal basis for the processing. 3. Data Deletion And Retention Period The Data Subject’s personal data are deleted or quarantined as soon as the purpose of the storage lapses. Storage may continue beyond that if this has been stipulated by European or national legislation in EU regulations  acts or other legislation to which the Data Controller is subject. Quarantining or deletion of the data will also occur when a retention period specified by the above-mentioned legislation lapses unless there is a need for further storage of the data for the conclusion or fulfilment of a contract. IV. Provision of The App and Website And Production of Log Files 1. Description And Extent of The Data Processing With every instance of access to our App  our system automatically gathers data and information from the accessing system’s computer / smartphone / tablet. The following data are recorded: Information about the browser type and the version used The user’s operating system Date and time of access Websites accessed by the user’s system via our App Typ of device and operating System The data are stored in our system’s log files. There is no storage of these data with other personal data of the user. 2. Legal Basis For the Data Processing The legal basis for the temporary storage of the data and the log files is Art. 6 Para. 1 f GDPR. 3. Purpose of The Data Processing The temporary storage of the IP address by the system is necessary to permit delivery of the website to the user’s app and computer system. For this purpose the user’s IP address must be stored for the duration of the session. Storage in log files occurs to ensure that the app and website works. In addition  the data allow us to optimise the app and website and to guarantee the security of our IT systems. The data are not evaluated for marketing purposes in this context. These purposes also encompass our legitimate interest in the data processing per Art. 6 Para. 1 f GDPR. In the case of data storage in log files  this is the case in not later than seven days. 4. Retention Period The data are deleted as soon as they are no longer required for the achievement of the purpose for which they were recorded. With the gathering of the data for the provision of the App  this is the case when the relevant session has ended. With the gathering of data in log files  this is the case after seven days at the latest. Storage beyond that is possible. In that event  the users’ IP addresses are deleted or altered so that it is no longer possible to associate them with the accessing client. 5. Options For Withdrawal of Consent And Deletion The gathering of the data for the provision of the App and the storage of the data in log files are essential to the operation of the App. So there is no option for withdrawal of consent by the user. V. Use of Cookies 1. Description And Extent Of The Data Processing Our App and website uses cookies. Cookies are text files that are stored in the internet browser or by the internet browser on the user’s computer system or smartphone. If a user accesses a website or app  a cookie may be stored on the user’s operating system. This cookie contains a characteristic sequence of characters that permits unambiguous identification of the browser when it accesses the website or again. 2. Session Cookies Cookies are text files that are stored in the internet browser or by the internet browser on the user’s computer system. We use cookies to make our App and website more user-friendly. Some elements of our App require the accessing browser to still be identifiable after a change of page. The purpose of the use of technically necessary cookies is to simplify users’ use of websites  to make our web presence more effective and safer  as it allows the display in different languages and offering a shopping cart function. The legal basis for the processing of personal data and the use of cookies is Art. 6 Para. 1 f lit. b.) GDPR  as long as the cookies are used for contract initiation and processing. Should that not be the case  our interest will be in improving the functionality of our web presence. The legal basis is then Art. 6 Para. 1 f lit. f.) GDPR. Session cookies are deleted when the internet browser is closed. 3. Third Party Cookies If necessary  our web presence also uses cookies from partner companies  with whom we cooperate for the purpose of advertisement  analysis or functionalities of our web presence. 4. Options For Refusal of Consent And Deletion You can deactivate or restrict the transmission of cookies by changing the settings in your internet browser. You can delete any cookies already stored at any time. The necessary steps and actions depend on your internet browser. Please direct any questions in that regard to the help function or support of your internet browser. So-called flash cookies can not be turned off via your browser. Instead you will have to change the settings of your flash-player. The necessary steps and actions depend on your flash-player. Please direct any questions in that regard to the help function or support of your flash-player. If cookies for our app and website are deactivated  it might no longer be possible to use all the website functions to the full extent. VI. Newsletter When you subscribe to our free newsletter  the following personal data are sent to us from the input dialogue: Email address  - and optional - name and address. Simultaneously the store the IP-address of your internet connection  as well as time and date of your registration. As part of our data processing  registration includes a procedure in which we obtain your consent (under GDPR Article 6 (1) point a)  and where we refer to this data protection statement. Your data will be used exclusively for sending you the newsletter and will definitely not be disclosed to third parties. If you no longer wish to receive the newsletter  you can unsubscribe again at any time according to GDPR Article 7 (3). To do so  all you need to do is click on the unsubscribe link  available in each of our newsletters. Refer to chapter “MailChimp - Newsletter” at the end of this privacy policy. VII. Registration On our app and website  users will be given the opportunity to register by providing personalized data. They data is transmitted via the input mask and send to us for retention. The data will not be disclosed to third parties. Retained data is described under No. 1 and 2. At the point of registration  we obtain the following information: (1) The user’s IP address (2) Date and time of the registration During the registration process we ask for the user’s consent in the processing of this data. 1. Legal Basis For The Data Processing The legal basis for the processing of the data transmitted in the course of the sending of an email is Art. 6 Para. 1 f GDPR. If the email contact is aimed at concluding a contract  the additional legal basis for the processing is Art. 6 Para. 1 b GDPR. 2. Purpose of The Data Processing The processing of the personal data serves us only for the processing of the contact made and the processing of pre-contract actions. 3. Retention Period The data are deleted as soon as they are no longer necessary for the achievement of the purpose for which they were recorded. 4. Options for Refusal of Consent And Deletion The user has an option at any time to withdraw his consent to the processing of his personal data. You have the right to change the stored data at any time. Is the stored data is essential for the completion of the contract or the implementation of pre-contract actions  a premature deletion is only possible  if there are no contractual or legal obligations opposing the deletion. VIII. Contact Form And E-mail Contact 1. Description And Extend of Data Processing Our app and website provide a contact form that is to be used for electronic establishment of contact. If a user makes use of this option  the data inserted in the input mask is transmitted to us and stored. At the point of registration  we obtain the following information: (1) The user’s IP address (2) Date and time of the registration During the registration process we ask for the user’s consent in the processing of this data. Alternatively  we provide an E-mail address for the establishment of contact. The user’s personalized information transmitted via E-mail with be also be stored. The data are not passed on to third parties in this context. The data are used exclusively for the processing of the conversation. 2. Legal Basis for The Data Processing The legal basis for the processing of the data transmitted in the course of the sending of an email is Art. 6 Para. 1 f GDPR. If the email contact is aimed at concluding a contract  the additional legal basis for the processing is Art. 6 Para. 1 b GDPR. 3. Purpose of The Data Processing The processing of the personal data from the input mask serves us only for the processing of the contact made. Should the contact be established via email  the processing of the personal data also serves us exclusively for the processing of the contact made. All other personal data collected under the registration process serves the purpose of preventing any abuse of our services or of the email address we use. 4. Retention Period The data are deleted as soon as they are no longer necessary for the achievement of the purpose for which they were recorded. For the personal data transmitted by email  this is the case if the conversation concerned with the user has ended. The conversation is ended if it may be ascertained from the circumstances that the relevant matter has been definitively dealt with. In the case of the storage of the data transmitted during the dispatch process  collected information will be deleted not later than seven days afterwards. 5. Options for Refusal of Consent And Deletion The user has an option at any time to withdraw his consent to the processing of his personal data. If the user contacts us by email  he may withdraw his consent to the storage of his personal data at any time. In that event the conversation cannot be continued. In this case  all the personal data stored in the course of contact are deleted. IX. User Content  Comments And Ratings We give you the opportunity to publish questions  answers  opinions and rating on our app and website - which in the following will only be referred to as contribution. Should you make use of our offer  we then will process and publish your contribution  the date and time as well as your alias and Profile picture. We process this data on the basis of GDPR Article 6 (1) point a. According to GDPR Article 7 (3) you can revoke your consent at any time. For this purpose you have to inform us about the revocation. We also process your IP and E-mail address. We process the IP address  as we have a legal interest in initiating and supporting necessary steps  should your contribution intervene in the rights of others and/or be unlawful in any way. Basis is then GDPR Article 6 (1) point f. Our legitimate interest is the possible legal defense. X. Rights of The User/Data Subject If personal data concerning you are processed  you are a Data Subject within the meaning of the GDPR and you have the following rights vis a vis the Data Controller: 1. Right to Information You can demand confirmation from the Data Controller of whether personal data concerning you are processed by us. If such processing occurs  you may demand to be told about the following information by the Data Controller: (1) The purposes for which the personal data are being processed (2) The categories of personal data being processed (3) The recipients and/or the categories of recipients to which the personal data concerning you have been disclosed or are still being disclosed (4) The planned retention period of the personal data concerning you or  if concrete statements about this are not possible  criteria for determining the retention period (5) The existence of a right to the correction or deletion of the personal data concerning you  a right to the restriction of the processing by the Data Controller or a right to refuse consent to this processing (6) The existence of a right to complain to a supervisory authority (7) All available information about the origin of the data if the personal data are not gathered from the Data Subject (8) The existence of an automatic decision process including profiling per Art. 22 Paras. 1 and 4 GDPR and at least in these cases  meaningful information about the logic involved and the scope and the effects sought upon the Data Subject with such processing. You are entitled to demand information about whether the personal data concerning you are transmitted to a non-EU country or an international organisation. In this context you may demand to be informed about the appropriate guarantees per Art. 46 GDPR in connection with the transmission. 2. Right to Correction You have a right vis a vis the Data Controller to correction and/or completion if the data concerning you being processed are incorrect or incomplete. The Data Controller must make the correction without delay. 3. Right to Restriction of The Processing Subject to the following preconditions you may demand the restriction of the processing of the personal data concerning you: (1) If you dispute the correctness of the personal data concerning you for a period that permits the Data Controller to check the correctness of the personal data (2) The processing is unlawful and you refuse deletion of the personal data and instead demand restriction of the use of the personal data (3) The Data Controller no longer requires the personal data for the purposes of processing but you need them for the claiming  exercise or defence of legal rights or (4) If you have given notice of refusal of consent to the processing per Art. 21 Para. 1 GDPR and it has not yet been established whether the Data Controller’s legitimate interests take precedence over yours. If the processing of the personal data concerning you has been restricted  these may  apart from being stored  only be processed with your consent or for the claiming  exercise or defence of legal rights or for the protection of the rights of another natural or legal person or for reasons of an important public interest of the European Union or of a member state. If the restriction of the processing was imposed in accordance with the above preconditions  you will be informed by the Data Controller before the restriction is lifted. 4. Right to Deletion A) Duty to Delete You may demand that the Data Controller deletes the personal data concerning you without delay and the Data Controller is obliged to delete these data without delay provided that one of the following reasons applies: (1) The personal data concerning you are no longer needed for the purposes for which they were recorded or otherwise processed. (2) You withdraw your consent on which the processing relied per Art. 6 Para. 1 a or Art. 9 Para. 2 a GDPR and there is no other legal basis for the processing. (3) You give notice of refusal to allow the processing per Art. 21 Para. 1 GDPR and there are no legitimate reasons with precedence for the processing or you give notice of refusal to allow the processing per Art. 21 Para. 2 GDPR. (4) The personal data concerning you have been unlawfully processed. (5) The deletion of the personal data concerning you is necessary for the fulfilment of a legal duty under European Union law or the law of the member states to which the Data Controller is subject. (6) The personal data concerning you were recorded with regard to services offered by the IT company per Art. 8 Para. 1 GDPR. B) Information to Third Parties If the Data Controller has disclosed the personal data concerning you and if it is obliged per Art. 17 Para. 1 GDPR to delete them  it shall  taking into account the available technology and the cost of implementation  take reasonable measures  including of a technical nature  to inform the Data Controllers who are processing the personal data that you as the Data Subject have demanded that they delete all links to these personal data or copies or replications of these personal data. C) Exceptions There is no right to deletion if the processing is necessary: (1) for the exercise of the right to the free expression of opinion and information (2) for the fulfilment of a legal duty which the processing in accordance with the law of the European Union or of the member states to which the Data Controller is subject requires or for the performance of a task that is in the public interest or which occurs in the exercise of the official authority that has been delegated to the Data Controller (3) for reasons of the public interest in the area of public health per Art. 9 Para. 2 h and i and Art. 9 Para. 3 GDPR (4) for archiving purposes in the public interest  scientific or historical research purposes or statistical purposes per Art. 89 Para. 1 GDPR in so far as the right mentioned in Section a) apparent makes the realisation of the aims of the processing impossible or seriously restricts it or (5) for the claiming  exercise or defence of legal rights. 5. Right to Notification If you have claimed the right to correction  deletion or restriction of the processing vis a vis the Data Controller  the latter is obliged to notify all recipients to which the personal data concerning you have been disclosed of this correction or deletion of the data or restriction of the processing unless this proves to be impossible or is associated with excessive expense. You have a right vis a vis the Data Controller to be informed about these recipients. 6. Right to Data Transferability You are entitled to receive the personal data concerning you that you have provided to the Data Controller  in a structured  conventional and machinereadable format. In addition  you are entitled to transfer these data to another Data Controller without any hindrance by the Data Controller to which the personal data were provided in so far as (1) the processing relies on consent per Art. 6 Para. 1 a GDPR or Art. 9 Para. 2 a GDPR or on a contract per Art. 6 Para. 1 b GDPR and (2) the processing is performed with the aid of an automated procedure. In exercising this right  you also have a right to have the personal data concerning you transferred directly from one Data Controller to another Data Controller in so far as this is technically possible. The freedoms and rights of other persons must not be adversely affected by this. The right to data transferability does not apply to the processing of personal data that is necessary for the performance of a task that is in the public interest or which occurs in the exercise of official authority which has been delegated to the Data Controller. 7. Right of Refusal You have the right to give notification of refusal to allow the processing of personal data concerning you on the basis of Art. 6 Para. 1 e or f GDPR at any time for reasons arising from their special situation; this also applies to profiling relying on these provisions. The Data Controller will cease to process the personal data concerning you unless it is able to prove mandatory reasons for the processing worthy of protection that take precedence over your interests  rights and freedoms or the processing serves the purposes of claiming  exercise or defence of legal rights. If the personal data concerning you are processed for direct advertising purposes  you are entitled to give notification at any time of refusal to allow the processing of the personal data concerning you for the purpose of such advertising. This also applies to profiling in so far as it is in connection with such direct advertising. If you refuse to allow the processing for the purposes of direct advertising  the personal data concerning you will no longer be processed for these purposes. You have an option in connection with the use of services provided by the IT company and regardless of Directive 2002/58/EC to exercise your right of refusal by means of automatic procedures in which technical specifications are used. You are entitled to withdraw your data protection law declaration of consent at any time. This does not affect the legality of the processing performed on the basis of the consent up to the date of its withdrawal. 9. Automatic Decision in The Individual Case Including Profiling You are entitled not to be subject to a decision based solely on automatic processing  including profiling  that has a legal effect on you or that adversely affects you in a similar way. This does not apply if the decision: (1) is necessary for the conclusion or fulfilment of a contract between you and the Data Controller (2) is permitted on the basis of legislative provisions of the European Union or of the member states to which the Data Controller is subject and these legislative provisions contain reasonable measures for safeguarding your rights  freedoms and legitimate interests or (3) is made with your express consent. However  these decisions must not be based on special categories of personal data per Art. 9 Para. 1 GDPR in so far as Art. 9 Para. 2 a or g GDPR does not apply and reasonable measures have been taken to protect your rights  freedoms and legitimate interests. Regarding the cases referred to in (1) and (3)  the Data Controller takes reasonable measures to safeguard your rights  freedoms and legitimate interests  which as a minimum include the right to effect the intervention of a person at the location of the Data Controller  to presentation of your own viewpoint and to contest the decision. 10. Right to Complain To a Supervisory Authority Without prejudice to any other administrative law or in-court legal remedies  you are entitled to complain to a supervisory authority  in particular in the member state of your place of residence  of your place of work or of the place of the alleged breach  if you are of the opinion that the processing of the personal data concerning you is in breach of the GDPR. The supervisory authority to which the complaint has been submitted informs the complainant of the situation and the results of the complaint including the opportunity of a legal remedy via the courts per Art. 78 GDPR.    2018 3dots.fitness     