   End User License Agreement  ATTENTION !: BEFORE STARTING ANY TRAINING PROGRAM IN EASY WORKOUT  PLEASE CONSULT YOUR FITNESS PROFESSIONAL TO INSURE THAT YOUR PHYSICAL CONDITION IS SUITABLE FOR SUCH TRAINING AND THE TRAINING PROGRAM IS ABLE TO MEET YOUR INDIVIDUAL NEEDS.IF NOT  YOU SHOULD BEAR ALL THE RISKS  DAMAGE AND RESPONSIBILITY ARISING FROM PARTICIPATING IN ANY TRAINING PROGRAM.  This Agreement is a legal agreement between you (hereinafter referred to as “You” or “Your”) and Blue Group regarding your downloading  installation and use of Blue Group's mobile software – Easy Workout (the “Software”) and related services.  YOUR DOWNLOADING  INSTALLATION  USE OF  AND OTHER ACCESS TO THE SOFTWARE IS CONDITIONED ON YOUR ACCEPTANCE AND COMPLIANCE WITH THE TERMS OF THIS LICENSE AGREEMENT. Blue Group has the right to modify the terms of this Agreement regarding the updates of the Software. You can check the modified version of this Agreement from the Software or the official website. You understand and agree that if you continuously use the Software after the date on which these terms have changed  Blue Group will treat your use as acceptance and compliance with the updated terms.  1. Intellectual Property Policy  1.1 The Software is developed by Blue Group independently. You acknowledge and agree that Blue Group retains all copyrights  trademarks  patents  business secrets  including all intellectual property rights and any other related rights  titles  and interests. The Software and the related information including but not limited to written expression and combination  icons  decorative pictures  tables  colors  user interface  framework  related data  printing materials  or electronic documents  are protected by Copyright  Trademark  Patent  Anti-unfair Competition Law of People's Republic of China (hereinafter referred to as “PRC”) and relevant international agreements and other intellectual property laws and regulations.  1.2 You may not (and you may not permit anyone else to) take actions directly or indirectly that infringe or may infringe intellectual property rights and related interest of Blue Group (including but not limited to exploiting  assigning the referenced intellectual property rights above or permitting anyone else to do so). Blue Group reserves the right to charge the tort liabilities.  1.3 You may not (or entrust a third party)  whether on non-profit purpose or not  reverse engineer  decompile or attempt to derive source code of the Software  or create derivative works of product  services  plugins  extensions  compatibility  interconnection behaviors  etc. Blue Group reserves the right to charge the tort liabilities  unless you have been granted by Blue Group Digital  in writing.  2.Scope of License  2.1 Blue Group gives you non-exclusive  non-assignable license to download  install and use the Software. In no way can the users use it for commercial use.  2.2 You may not use the Software in a way that may lead to damage  suspension  overloading or quality reduction to the Software (or server and internet connected to the Software)  or in the way that may affect the product and services provided to any other users.  2.3 You have precisely read and agree to the agreement and statements published by Blue Group Digital. You promise not to copy  grant a sub-license  share or sell the Software or related service. You are fully responsible for any fees created by or rising from own factors. Blue Group does not assume any liability.  2.4 Rights reserved. Blue Group reserves all rights not expressly granted to you. You are required to obtain additional consent to using other software owned by Blue Group Digital.  3.Notice to End Users  3.1 You agree to use the Software in a manner permitted by this Agreement  and are solely responsible for any breach of your obligations under national laws and regulations  related policies  or this Agreement and for the consequences (including the lost and damages to the Software and any third-parties ) of any such breach. You have not right to conduct following behaviors (including but not limited to):  3.1.1 Delete copyright information  content on the Software or other copies  3.1.2 Reverse engineer  decompile or extract the source code of the Software  3.1.3 Conduct any behaviors that jeopardize computer network security  including but not limited to: use unauthorized data or unauthorized access to server/account；enter public computer network or other's computer system to delete  modify  add stored information without permission; attempt to search  scan  test the Software system  Internet leak  or other behaviors breaking internet security; attempt to interfere  damage the Software system or website normal running  deliver the malwares or virus intentionally to damage normal internet information service; forge (part of) names of TCP/IP package  3.1.4 Sell  rent  loan  deliver  transfer or sub-license the Software and services  or related links  or benefit from using the Software and the services  or barely benefit from the agreements  regardless of whether the use above brings direct economic gain or pecuniary gain  3.1.5 Use the Software and other services provided by Blue Group in any illegal ways  for any illegal purposes  or in any other ways conflicting with this Agreement  3.1.6 Blue Group reserves the right to terminate  fully or partially suspend  limit functional features of user's account  without prior notice  if the user has breached under the terms of this Agreement.  3.2 Blue Group does not assume any liability for any loss of profits or loss of data arising from the special  malicious  indirect or similar damages (but not limited to damages) due to your use of the Software.  3.3 Easy Workout would not change configuration of system settings without informing the user. The Easy Workout  which is running  belongs to the whole user interface of Easy Workout. It's designed to:  3.3.1 Provide a more convenient way to view  manage the status of the battery and use information;  3.3.2 Provide Improve battery performance desktop widgets for users to customize Easy Workout widget  system widget  and Notification bars;  3.3.3 Provide additional services  such as recommending valuable applications and content.  4 .Privacy Policy  4.1 Personal information  4.1.1 Personal information is data that can be used to uniquely identify or contact a single person.  4.1.2 When you Use the Software & Services  for analytical  business and operational purposes   we automatically collect and store the following types of information:  4.1.2.1 Usage Information. Certain usage related information regarding your use and interaction with your device  including the Software & Services and Other Software  such as when and how you Use the Software & Services and Other Software  how you use your internet browser and internet search related applications  the web pages you visit and the content you see  access and utilize on such web pages; for example  offerings and advertisements that you view  use and access  how you use them and your response to them  how frequently you use them  your search queries and the time and date of your searches.  Our purposes of collecting usage information is: (i) to improve and customize the Software and Services; and/or (ii) to provide you personalized content  including through the delivery of targeted interest-based advertisements from us or our partners; and/or (iii) to maintain and improve the quality and operation of the Software and Services; and/or (iv) to take any action in case of a dispute involving you in connection with the Software and Services; and/or (v) to enforce the terms and conditions applicable to the Software and Services and to prevent unlawful activities and misuse thereof.  4.1.2.2 Social Networks. Your interactions on social networks through the Software & Services.  Our purposes of collecting the social networks is: (i) to improve and customize the Software and Services; and/or (ii) to provide you personalized content  including through the delivery of targeted interest-based advertisements from us or our partners.  4.1.2.3 Registration Related Information. Information you provide when you register for the Software & Services (if applicable)  such as name  home or work addresses  e-mail address  telephone and fax numbers  birth date and gender.  Our purposes of collecting the registration related information is: (i) to improve and customize the Software and Services; and/or (ii) to maintain and improve the quality and operation of the Software and Services; and/or (iii) to notify you of Software and Services updates; and/or (iv) to provide you with support and handle your complaints and/or feedback.  4.1.2.4 Support Related Information. If you communicate with Us via our support section or via email  we may also collect your email address  name and any information voluntarily submitted by you in connection with such support (for example  your name  company name  and particular support query or request). Such information will only be used to provide you with support services and will not be connected with any other information collected from you on or through the Software & Services  including  any individual User ID (as defined below) generated or collected by us. When you Use the Software & Services  We automatically generate an anonymous internal user ID (which does not personally identify you)  which is assigned to your use of the Software & Services (the User ID) and may be combined with any of the above information.  Our purposes of the support related information is: (i) to take any action in case of a dispute involving you in connection with the Software and Services; and/or (ii) to enforce the terms and conditions applicable to the Software and Services and to prevent unlawful activities and misuse thereof; and/or (iii) to comply and satisfy any applicable law regulation  legal process or enforceable governmental request; and/or (iv) to provide you with support and handle your complaints and/or feedback.  4.2 Non-Personal Information  4.2.1 Non-personal information is data in a form that does not permit direct association with any specific individual.  4.2.2 We may collect and use non-personal information in the following circumstances. To have a better understanding in user's behavior  solve problems in products and services  improve our products  services and advertising  we may collect non-personal information such as installed application name and package name  the data of install  frequency of use  country  equipment and channel  configuration and settings of the products and Services  ISP (Internet Service Provider)  Internet protocol (IP) address  Media Access Control (MAC) address  device configuration and identifiers  Advertising ID (Identifier for Advertisers used in Android  such as Google advertising ID (GAID))   location  Android ID.  We access Android ID only to analysis and provide you personalized content. And we will not share Android ID with any other third party.  4.2.3 If non-personal information is combined with personal information  we treat the combined information as personal information for the purposes of this Privacy Policy.  4.3 Sharing Information with Third Parties  4.3.1 We will not share any PII that we have collected from you except for the following events:  4.3.1.1 If we are required by law to disclose your information  we may share your information with law enforcement or other competent authorities and any third party  as may be required (e.g.  to detect  prevent or otherwise address fraud  security  or technical issues; to respond to claims or satisfy any legal process  subpoena  or governmental request; or to protect the rights  property  or personal safety of the Company’s users  its partners  or the general public).  4.3.1.2 In the event the Company goes through a business transition such as a merger or acquisition by another company  consolidation  change of control  reorganization  or sale of all or a portion of its assets  your information will be among the assets transferred.  4.3.1.3 We may share your information with certain third parties (including  without limitation  search engines  content providers  and advertising networks and platforms) that provide various services (such as advertising  marketing  analysis  content  and search) in connection with the Software and Services. We take appropriate measures to ensure that no user can be individually identified from the disclosure of such information  and we require these third parties (i) to keep the data secured  (ii) not to use the data for any other purpose other than to provide us with Services (for example  we use Google Analytics  in addition to our own analytics technology  and other third-party analytics packages to collect  monitor and analyze the information we collect in order to increase our functionality and user-friendliness  to better tailor the Services to our users’ needs  and to understand and analyze how you are using our Services. We also share your information with Google as necessary to receive the Google Analytics service. For more information please see Google’s privacy policy ( http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/ ) addressing the information that is collected to provide the Google Analytics service and how Google uses such information); and (iii) to use the data solely in compliance with this Privacy Policy. If you want to delete any personal data which we have shared with the third parties  please contact our Data Protection Officer by email at: EasyWorkoutLab2018@gmail.com . We would try our best to notify the third party of deleting the relative personal data  but no warranty as to the deletion is made by us.  4.3.1.4 We may also share PII and non-personally identifiable information with our subsidiaries  affiliated and parent companies but their use of such information must comply with this Privacy Policy.  4.4 Protection of Personal Information  4.4.1 We take precautions — including administrative  technical  and physical measures — to safeguard your personal information against loss  theft  and misuse  as well as against unauthorized access  disclosure  alteration  and destruction.  4.4.2 We use firewalls  encryption technology and Network access designed to protect against fraud and identity theft; our data is only stored in centers that provide high-level security for user’s information.  4.4.3 We also protect user’s privacy by seeking to minimize the amount of sensitive data and PRI. We also seek appropriate contractual protection from our partners regarding their treatment of user data.  4.4.4 Please be aware  however  that no method of transmitting information over the Internet or storing information is completely secure. Accordingly  we cannot guarantee the absolute security of any information.  4.4.5 We retain the information we collect as described in this Privacy Policy for as necessary for the provision of the Services  internal analytical purposes  or to comply with its legal obligations  resolve disputes and enforce agreements (e.g. settlement). The criteria used to determine the retention periods include: (i) how long the personal data is needed to provide the Services and operate the business; (ii) the type of personal data collected; and (iii) whether we are subject to a legal  contractual or similar obligation to retain the data (e.g.  mandatory data retention laws  government orders to preserve data relevant to an investigation  or data that must be retained for the purposes of litigation or disputes).  4.4.6 When you use some products  services  or post your comments  the personal information you share is visible to other users and can be read  collected  or used by them. You are responsible for the personal information you choose to submit in these instances. Please take care when using these features.  4.5 Information may be Collected by Third-Party  4.5.1 Certain Software and Services may include and/or enable you to add content to them. The content may be in the form of buttons  gadgets  links to third party advertisements  websites  products and services (including search services) as well as additional means that are provided to you by third parties (collectively  Third Party Content and Services). The use of such Third Party Content and Services is subject to their privacy policies. You shall be aware that the use of the Third Party Content and Services may give these third parties the ability to access  collect  store  and/or share your information  both your PII and non-personally identifiable information. In order to clarify  we do not review  approve  monitor  endorse  warrant  or make any representations with respect to such Third Party Content and Services and your access to any Third Party Content and Services is at your own risk. We are not responsible for the information contained and/or made available through  the practices of  or your use or inability to use such Third Party Content and Services. You expressly relieve us from any and all liability arising from your use of such Third Party Content and Services. We recommended that you read the terms  conditions and privacy policies of such Third Party Content and Services before using or accessing any of them.  4.5.2 For providing customized advertisement  the third-party advertising companies may collection or use your personal information (not including your name  address  email address or telephone number) when you use the Software or Service. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not using this function or sharing this information with these companies  please see: http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp.  4.6 Our Policy Toward Children  4.6.1 Our Services are not directed to children under 16 and we do not knowingly collect PII from children under 16.If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with information without their consent  he or she should promptly contact us and we take reasonable steps to ensure that such information is deleted from our files.  4.7 Your Data Rights  4.7.1 You have the right to access  modify  correct or delete any personal data which we may have collected.  4.7.2 If you are in the EEA  you have a right to (subject to a limited number of exceptions): (i) request access to and rectification or erasure of your personal information; (ii) obtain restriction of processing or to object to processing of your personal information; and (iii) ask for a copy of your personal information to be provided in a digital format. You also have the right to lodge a complaint about the processing of your personal information with your local data protection authority in the EEA. To exercise this right please contact our Data Protection Officer by email at: EasyWorkoutLab2018@gmail.com .  4.8 Notices  4.8.1 If we are required to provide you with notice of a particular event or incident  we will send you such notice by mail  email or telephone.  4.9 Transfer of Data Outside Your Territory  4.9.1 The Software and Services work over the Internet. We may store and process your information in various locations throughout the world. Where you located in the EEA  as required by law  you hereby provide us with your express consent to transfer your data to where may be outside of EEA once you use the Software and/or Services. You may withdraw your consent at any time.  4.10 Privacy Questions  4.10.1 If you have any questions or concerns about our Privacy Policy or data processing  please contact us at EasyWorkoutLab2018@gmail.com . We may update Privacy Policy from time to time. When we change the policy in a material way  a notice will be posted on our website along with the updated Privacy Policy.  5.Limitations of Liabilities and Disclaimer  5.1 You acknowledge and agree that the Software and related services may have potential risks like service interruption  failure to respond to users' requests  due to force majeure  mobile communication terminal virus or hacker attack  system instability  user physical location  phone power off  and other reasons concerning technology  telecommunication lines. In no event shall Blue Group be liable for any risks stated above.  5.2 Blue Group is not liable for any losses to users arising out of telecommunication line breakdown  technical problems  internet  mobile communication terminal failures  system instability and any other force majeure.  5.3 In view of business development and adjustment  Blue Group reserves the right to amend or terminate services without prior notice to users at any time  and Blue Group is not liable for users and any other third-parties when executing this right.  5.4 The software which is not officially released or authorized by Blue Group and the derivative works of the Software are illegal. User's downloading  installation  and user this software may lead to unexpected risk. Blue Group is not liable for any legal liabilities  issues arising from it.  5.5 You agree to the most extent under applicable law  Blue Group owns other disclaimer rights not listed in this agreement.  6.Termination  6.1 You have the right to fully and permanently remove the Software from your mobile device at any time and terminate this Agreement.  6.2 Unless Blue Group unilaterally terminates this Agreement or you terminate this agreement as above  this agreement and the terms (including the updated agreement following) will remain effective.  6.3 Your right will be terminated automatically if you breach any obligations stated in this Agreement. Blue Group and any other third-parties have on need to send your additional notice.  6.4 The termination of this Agreement will not affect the obligations and liabilities users should assume before the termination.  7. Others  7.1 You agree that if Blue Group does not exercise or enforce any legal right or regulations  this will not be taken to be a formal waiver of Blue Group Digital's rights and Blue Group has the right to continuously exercise or enforce the right or regulation.  7.2 Without written authorization from other sides  a user may not assign or transfer the rights granted by this Agreement  or assign the designated responsibilities and obligations to others.  7.3 If any court of law  having the jurisdiction to decide on this matter  rules that any provision of this Agreement is invalid  then that provision will be removed from the Agreement without affecting the rest of the terms. The remaining provisions of the Agreement will continue to be valid and enforceable.  7.4 The validity and interpretation of this Agreement are applicable to laws of the People's Republic of China. If any provision in this Agreement conflicts with PRC Laws  the provision should be re-interpreted in accordance with relevant laws. The invalidity or re-interpretation of these provisions will not affect the validity and enforcement of the remaining provisions. Both Blue Group and users agree to resolve the issues arising from this Agreement through consultation. If consultation fails  either side can submit settlement of lawsuits to competent court in Guangzhou where Blue Group located.  7.5 Blue Group reserves the final interpretation right on this Agreement.  