     ©2018 by FaceYoga. Proudly created with Wix.com FACEYOGA Home Welcome About More PRIVACY POLICY ​ This privacy policy governs your use of the software application FaceYoga for mobile devices that was created by Midinvest Kft. ​ ​ This privacy policy was updated on 18th September 2018. This page is used to inform visitors regarding our policies with the collection  use  and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our application. ​ If you choose to use our application  then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that we collect is used for providing and improving the application. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy. ​ The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions  which is accessible at FaceYoga unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy. ​ Information Collection and Use ​ For a better experience  while using our Service  we may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information. The information that we request will be retained by us and used as described in this privacy policy. ​ The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you. ​ Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app ​ Google Play Services AdMob Fabric Crashlytics Log Data ​ We want to inform you that whenever you use our application  in a case of an error in the app we collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address  device name  operating system version  the configuration of the app when utilizing our application  the time and date of your use of the application  and other statistics. ​ Cookies Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device's internal memory. ​ This application does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However  the app may use third party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collect information and improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies  you may not be able to use some portions of this Service. ​ Service Providers We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons: To facilitate our Service; To provide the Service on our behalf; To perform Service-related services; or To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used. We want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However  they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose. ​ Links to Other Sites ​ This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link  you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore  we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content  privacy policies  or practices of any third-party sites or services. ​ Changes to This Privacy Policy We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus  you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.  FACEYOGA Maintain Your Facial Health  PROUDLY INTRODUCING... FACEYOGA Face yoga is a type of facial exercise that works the muscles and skin  using fingers and facial expressions. Our carefully selected exercises are designed to strengthen muscles  increase blood circulation  lift and improve skin condition and relive stress  while bringing back its vitality. They not just serve as an anti-ageing routine against crow's feet and other unwanted wrinkles  but also help to diminish the dark shadows beneath the eyes and tone muscles  therefore reducing double chin and lifting up flabby cheeks and corners of the lips as well. The results speak for themselves. Our main goal is to turn people's lives into healthier ones. This application was brought to life in order to make these routines well-known all around the globe as a simple  effective and natural alternative for cosmetic products.  This site was designed with the .com website builder. Create your website today. Start Now     