   Skip to content    Main Menu   Home How it works App Features Meditation Music Blog About Privacy Policy Privacy Policy Debashis Dey built the Mobile Application – Zen Lounge (in short the app) as an Ad Supported app with In app purchase primarily to remove ads and get access to additional packages and features.. This SERVICE is provided by Zen Lounge as both free and one time payments which are optional. This page is used to inform visitors regarding our policies with the collection  use  and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Service. If you choose to use our Service  then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that we collect is used for providing and improving the Service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy. The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions   which is accessible at Zen Lounge unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy. Information Collection and Use For a better experience  while using our Service  we may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information  including but not limited to email id. The information that we request will be retained by us and used as described in this privacy policy. The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you. Analytics We use Google Analytics to collect the usage data  optimize user experience and make the app better. Collected information are anonymized and merged from thousands of users. We do not collect original user generated content. The collected information includes  but is not limited to  device state information  unique device identifiers  device hardware and OS information  IP Addresses and information relating to how application functions. For information regarding how Google uses data please visit How Google uses data when you use our partners’ sites or apps Advertising We use AdSense advertising and AdMob advertising in our apps where it may use an anonymous identifier  a random string of characters that is used for the same purposes as a cookie on platforms including certain mobile devices  where cookie technology is not available. AdSense and AdMob are advertising services provided by Google Inc through which third parties may be using cookies  web beacons  and other technologies to collect information and usage data as a result of ad serving. We do not use AdMob’s optional GPS/location-based ad targeting. Google may use the information that it obtains via the third party cookies  web beacons  and other technologies used in connection with AdMob and AdSense in accordance with its advertising Privacy Policies . Log Data We want to inform you that whenever you use our Service  in a case of an error in the app we collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address  device name  operating system version  the configuration of the app when utilizing our Service  the time and date of your use of the Service  and other related statistics. Cookies Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device’s internal memory. This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However  the app may use third party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collect information and improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies  you may not be able to use some portions of this Service. Service Providers We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons: To facilitate our Service; To provide the Service on our behalf; To perform Service-related services; or To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used. We want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However  they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose. Where We Store Data Information is retained on Content Delivery Networks and therefore may be transferred to  and stored at  a destination outside of India. It may also be processed by staff operating outside of India who work for us or one of our suppliers. Such staff may be engaged in  among other things  the provision of support services. By submitting your personal data  you agree to this transfer  storing or processing. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy. Security We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information  thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet  or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable  and we cannot guarantee its absolute security. Links to Other Sites This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link  you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore  we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content  privacy policies  or practices of any third-party sites or services. Children’s Privacy These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. In the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information  we immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information  please contact us so that we will be able to do necessary actions. Changes to This Privacy Policy We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus  you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page. Contact Us If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy  do not hesitate to contact us at mediaplus.in@gmail.com.  English    Categories Flute Music Guided Meditation Healing Healing Music Mantra Meditation Meditation Apps Meditation Guide Meditation Music Mindfulness Meditation Piano Music Relaxing Music Sleep Music Spiritual Stress Relief Study Music Yoga Music Visit our Youtube Channel Download Free eBook! Recent Posts How to Reduce Stress and Anxiety Using Mindfulness October 13  2020 Anxiety disorder and the role of music in stress relief October 13  2020 How To Cope With Stress And Anxiety During The COVID-19 Pandemic October 12  2020 Binaural Beats and Meditation October 9  2020 Spiritual Healing For Your Soul October 8  2020 Music creates the best ambience for meditation. Soothing and Relaxing Sounds mixed with nature sounds like waterfall  bird songs  helps best in stress relief. Zen Lounge Zen Lounge is an app for Stress Relief through meditation and mindfulness. Create your own soundscape depending on your mood and need. Try out this app to find your Zen… take a listen ! Download ZenLounge App Today ! Zen Lounge is available in both Playstore and Appstore as a free app with in-app purchase option. You can use most of the functions but paying a nominal one time fee will unlock premium 14 sounds . Enjoy a stress life today ! Play a casual games or download them for Stress Relief Check Out Now ! Download Color Blocks Puzzle  Download the Yellow Dot Game  Download the Blue Dot Games Bundle Copyright © 2020 Zen Lounge - Meditation App         