    Privacy policy Terms of service    Privacy Policy  FOODVISOR (FOODVISOR we us our) is committed to protecting the privacy and personal information of  as well as in providing a safe and secure environment for its users. The purpose of this privacy policy (the policy) is to help you understand the kinds of information we may gather about you when you visit the sites or use any of our services  how we may use that information  in which manner we will disclose it  and how you can correct and/or update the information. Please note that by using the services  or visiting the sites (collectively the service)  and the mobile and online applications  computer programs hosted by FOODVISOR or on behalf of FOODVISOR (collectively FOODVISOR products)  you signify your agreement with this policy. If you do not agree to the terms of this policy  please do not use the products  services or refrain from visiting the sites. Please note that the Policy applies only to FOODVISOR' Products  Services and Sites  but not to other websites to which we may link  or to advertisers on the Sites. Additionally  your use of the Service and/or the Sites is governed by the Terms of Use  as well as by any other published rules pertaining to either a particular Site or Service. 1. DEFINITION OF PERSONAL DATA FOODVISOR may be required  as part of its business  to collect personal information. This includes but is not limited to names  first names  email addresses  home addresses  or phone numbers. Personal data is collected to enable FOODVISOR to identify its users and improve the quality of its services. Finally  due to these data  FOODVISOR keeps statistics of the services offered for the purpose of market research  project planning  assisting with troubleshooting user encountered problems  preventing errors  fraud and other criminal activity. FOODVISOR does not collect  use  and does not disclose certain sensitive personal information  particularly related to the origin  religious  and political affiliations of its users. 2. COLLECTION AND USE OF PERSONAL DATA The collected personal data can be stored and processed in any country in which FOODVISOR or their affiliates  subsidiaries  or agents operate. By using the Service  the user accepts the transfer of data outside of his or her country. FOODVISOR collects personal data to: 1.  Provide users with the Service 2.  Inform users of other products or services 3.  Conduct public opinion surveys through questionnaires on current and future services 4.  Sending information regarding updates on FOODVISOR Products and Services 5.  Sending any administrative communications relevant to your use of the FOODVISOR Products and Service 6.  Providing you with advice and assistance relating to your use of the Service 7.  Having information for the purpose of project planning and market research  assist with problems encountered in using the Service  and be able to protect against error  fraud or other criminal activity 8.  Enforcing the FOODVISOR Terms of Use 3. DISCLOSURE TO THIRD PARTIES FOODVISOR receives services from third party companies  such as delivery of product  information and order processing  customer data management and the like. As such  we may share your personal information with these key companies. The companies that FOODVISOR share your personal information with are obligated to protect your information and may be located wherever FOODVISOR does business. In the event that FOODVISOR work with select companies to provide you with services  we may also make certain personal information available to them. For instance  if you choose to sync our products with other third party application  we will share your personal information with that application. In this case  your information will continue to be bound by the third own party's privacy policy and your FOODVISOR User Account will continue to be subject to this Privacy Policy. If we determine that disclosure of information about you is within reason and necessary to enforce our conditions  protect our operations or users  we may disclose information about you. We may also disclose information about you if we are required to do so by law  regulation  subpoena or other legal process. In the event of company reorganization  sale or mergers  we may transfer any and all the personal information we gathered to the relevant third party. Use of Aggregated Non-personally Identifiable User Data that are collected from FOODVISOR devices in an aggregate manner may be disclosed by FOODVISOR to key third party organization. Data such as aggregated eating data  weight  gender  height  weight  and others without any identifiable information (as user name  address and others) may be disclosed to: 1.  Marketing  advertising companies or parties  for marketing and promotional purposes 2.  FOODVISOR approved organization conducting consumer research 3.  Other Users of the Service  for the purpose of providing data for comparison of their personal gathered health and wellness information to a wider community 4.  SECURITY OF PERSONAL INFORMATION FOODVISOR is committed to protecting the security of the personal information provided by their users. Access is limited  and the protection is afforded by the best technology and security procedures.  If you connect to the Services using a Third-Party Application e.g Apple HealthKit. Foodvisor will collect and use your personal information from such Third Party Applications such as health data that you choose to synchronise with Foodvisor’s Services. Foodvisor does not use Apple HealthKit data for marketing purposes  and does not share Apple HealthKit data with any Third-Party Application. 5. COOKIES AND WEB BEACONS FOODVISOR utilizes cookies to offer their users the best possible services  in keeping with all the features available via the Internet. Cookies are small text files placed on the hard disk of the user by one of the servers of FOODVISOR. Completely inactive and secure  the cookie is assigned a unique pathway to the destination computer and can be read only the FOODVISOR servers and transmitters. A cookie will tell FOODVISOR to simplify the payment and delivery of services. The information provided in a first connection on the servers of FOODVISOR will be recovered to simplify the use of services. The user can  by changing the settings on their web browsers  neutralize and refuse cookies if desired. In this case  the user may not benefit fully from the services of FOODVISOR Web beacons are tagging content including electronic images (GIF) located on the pages of FOODVISOR and e-mails sent by FOODVISOR It is a technique used to collect statistics on the number of visits to the pages of FOODVISOR These tags collect limited data  such as time and date of the visit. 6. RIGHTS TO MODIFY AND DELETE PERSONAL DATA Your Right to Modify Your Data The user has the right to access personal data and to request changes and other possible modifications. Your Right to Delete Your Data The user has the right to delete all personal data  at any time upon request by e-mail at contact@foodvisor.io  and postal mail at the following address : Foodvisor SAS 40 bis rue Violet 75015 PARIS Users of FOODVISOR Products and Services are responsible for maintaining the security of their access information (login ID and password). In the case that you suspect that your access information has been compromised you must immediately change your password and contact support. FOODVISOR is not responsible for any unauthorized access of someone else to your account through information that was obtained from you or through the violation of FOODVISOR Terms of Use or of this Policy. 7. QUESTIONS AND CONCERNS FOODVISOR encourages everyone to submit questions  suggestions or comments regarding this Privacy Policy. If you think FOODVISOR Is not meeting their commitments  please contact us by email at: contact@foodvisor.io This Privacy Policy may be updated periodically. Latest update appears at the bottom of this page. Changes take effect immediately upon posting. This policy was last updated on December 2  2015. FOODVISOR SUPPORT: contact@foodvisor.io Terms of Service  This agreement (Agreement) between Foodvisor SAS (hereinafter  Foodvisor  us or we) and you sets forth the terms and conditions (“Terms”) which govern your use of any of the Foodvisor mobile device applications (App)  websites (“Sites”)  or the service (Service) thereon which are provided by Foodvisor. Please read this agreement carefully before accessing or using any of the apps  sites  and services. 1. ACCEPTANCE OF THE TERMS OF SERVICE AGREEMENT These present general conditions govern the terms of the service Foodvisor operated by Foodvisor SAS. By accessing or using the sites and services  you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions set forth below. If you do not wish to be bound by these terms and conditions  you may not access or use the sites or services and should immediately cease such use.  Foodvisor may modify this agreement at any time  and such modifications shall be effective immediately upon notice  which may be accomplished by posting the modified agreement on the app or via e-mail.  Foodvisor offers its products and services only to those aged 18 and older and able to enter a binding contract under applicable law.   Foodvisor requires an account at api.foodvisor.io. To use Foodvisor  you must first register through the App to api.foodvisor.io and you are responsible for providing us with correct and recent information as doing otherwise may give us grounds to suspend your account. You agree not to disclose your account to anyone else. You also agree to inform us immediately of any unauthorized use of your account.  By registering to api.foodvisor.io to use the service  you agree to the Terms presented herewith. 2. DESCRIPTION OF SERVICES Foodvisor provides its users with the following services: •   An estimation of the nutritional facts of food items  based on a picture. •   An ability to track the users’ daily food intake This service is accessible solely through a smartphone running a version of a mobile operating system that is compatible with the Foodvisor app. This description of services provided by Foodvisor is neither exhaustive nor definitive  and Foodvisor reserves the right to delete  modify  or add services or new characteristics and functions  with the sole objective of improving the quality of these products. In order to benefit from these services  the user requires Internet access  either directly or through media with access to Internet content. The charges related to Internet access are the sole responsibility of the user. It is also the responsibility of the user to provide his or her self with the necessary equipment  notably a mobile device or other connectivity tools. 3. GRATUITY (FREEMIUM) The service is offered for free in its limited version with reduced functionalities. No fee will be charged for the use of this service. Under control of the law  the company excludes for its free version any warranties related to the commercial version and the absence of defects. The equipment (computer  Internet access  etc.) allowing access to services are the sole responsibility of the user  as are the telecommunication costs. 4. COMMUNICATION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION AND PROTECTION OF PRIVACY Personal information  which include your name  e-mail address  or postal address  and other information that the user has agreed to disclose to Foodvisor  are treated according to the guidelines of confidentiality and privacy protection  in respect to current laws. These guidelines are listed in full detail in our privacy policy available on foodvisor.io/privacy.html 5. USE OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY The Site and all of its contents  including but not limited to articles  other text  photographs  images  illustrations  graphics  video material  audio material  and other software (collectively intellectual property) are protected by copyright  trademark and other laws of international conventions and the laws of other countries. The intellectual property is owned and controlled by Foodvisor or the party credited as the provider of intellectual property. You may not  and agree that you will not  copy  download  distribute  publish  enter into a database  display  perform  modify  create derivative works  transmit  post  decompile  reverse engineer  disassemble or in any way exploit any of the intellectual property or the site itself  in whole or in part. 6. MODIFICATION OF SERVICES AND GENERAL CONDITIONS Foodvisor may  in its sole discretion  terminate or suspend access to all or part of the site  whether temporarily or permanently. 7. GUARANTEES The user acknowledges and agrees that:  •   The services are delivered in full working order regarding their availability. Foodvisor makes no warranties as to the duration  removal  or requirement to register the communication of a user. •   Foodvisor does not guarantee that the service will fully meet the expectations of the user  and that the obtained results will be accurate. Foodvisor does not guarantee that the service will be uninterrupted  secure  or free from errors. •   The use of this service is only at risk to the user  who will be responsible for any damage caused to his or her computer or for any loss of data resulting from downloading or consulting the contents of this service. The information posted here by Foodvisor is not intended to substitute a professional medical consultation in the realm of nutrition and dieting. The site and app provide information on nutrition  diet  and well-being. In this case  the information and services on this site cannot provide a professional medical diagnosis of your diet  weight  and overall health. The information provided in this site does not replace a consultation with a general physician  specialist  or other health professional. These recommendations cannot be adapted to people who are already undergoing a strict diet plan that has already been prescribed by a doctor  in the case of a specific prior diagnosis (such as diabetes  celiac and thyroid diseases  food allergies  certain kidney ailments) or pregnancy. You cannot use the information available on the sites and apps of Foodvisor to arrive at a diagnosis or to determine the initiation or termination of medication  without first consulting a doctor. You should acknowledge that the information available on the site is neither comprehensive nor exhaustive  and that the information does not completely address different symptoms  medicines  and treatments for various diseases and common ailments of interest. In addition  Foodvisor does not absolutely guarantee any outcome as a result of the application of this information and service available online  particularly regarding weight loss and other weight issues. In addition  Foodvisor cannot be held responsible for: •   Any direct  indirect  special  consequential or financial damages of any kind whatsoever  resulting from any circumstance involving your access to and use of the site or the unavailability of the services. •   Costs incurred after the purchase of substitute goods or services which occur at the time of use of this service. •   Any direct or indirect damage incurred after declaration of a third party on this service. Accordingly  you acknowledge that the responsibility of Foodvisor cannot be questioned in terms of information and services available on the site  and you agree that the use of such information and services is under your sole responsibility  control  and management. 8. INDEMNIZATION You agree to indemnify  protect  and hold harmless Foodvisor  its subsidiaries  parent companies and affiliates  from and against any and all claims  actions  liabilities  costs and expenses  including  without limitation  reasonable attorney's fees  arising out of your breach or alleged breach of this agreement. 9. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY The information posted here by Foodvisor is not intended to substitute a professional medical consultation in the realm of nutrition and dieting. The site and app provide information on nutrition  diet  and well-being. In this case  the information and services on this site cannot provide a professional medical diagnosis of your diet  weight  and overall health. The information provided in this site does not replace a consultation with a general physician  specialist  or other health professional. These recommendations cannot be adapted to people who are already undergoing a strict diet plan that has already been prescribed by a doctor  in the case of a specific prior diagnosis (such as diabetes  celiac and thyroid diseases  food allergies  certain kidney ailments) or pregnancy. You cannot use the information available on the sites and apps of Foodvisor to arrive at a diagnosis or to determine the initiation or termination of medication  without first consulting a doctor. You should acknowledge that the information available on the site is neither comprehensive nor exhaustive  and that the information does not completely address different symptoms  medicines  and treatments for various diseases and common ailments of interest. In addition  Foodvisor does not absolutely guarantee any outcome as a result of the application of this information and service available online  particularly regarding weight loss and other weight issues. In addition  Foodvisor cannot be held responsible for: •   Any direct  indirect  special  consequential or financial damages of any kind whatsoever  resulting from any circumstance involving your access to and use of the site or the unavailability of the services. •   Costs incurred after the purchase of substitute goods or services which occur at the time of use of this service. •   Any direct or indirect damage incurred after declaration of a third party on this service. Accordingly  you acknowledge that the responsibility of Foodvisor cannot be questioned in terms of information and services available on the site  and you agree that the use of such information and services is under your sole responsibility  control  and management. 10. APPLICABLE LAW AND JURISDICTION This contract will be subject to French law  and legal rules of territorial jurisdiction or award will apply. For buyers in the European Union  this contract will be subject to French law  unless the contract was preceded by an advertisement or a specific invitation by Foodvisor in the consumer's country of residence. The court will be determined in accordance with EU regulation No. 44/2001 of 22 December 2000. For consumers in other countries: unless mandatory legal provisions are contrary  this contract will be governed by French law  and any dispute arising out of this contract will fall within the exclusive jurisdiction of French courts. 11. NOTIFICATION All notifications about these terms of use shall be in writing and may be sent by post to the following address: Foodvisor SAS 40 bis rue Violet 75015 PARIS 12. MISCELLANEOUS These terms of use represent the entire agreement between the company and the user regarding the use of the service  and replace any agreements previously reached between the company and the user. The contract was last updated on December 2  2015.  