      Home  Apps  Contacts     Home  Privacy policy   Privacy policy  Posted in EN Individual Entrepreneur Gorsky Alexsander Vladimirovich (mEL Studio) built the 7 minute abs workout - Daily Ab Workout  Aerobics workout at home - endurance training  Everyday home workouts - gymnastics training  Fitness workouts for women - your coach & trainer  Hatha Yoga for beginners - poses and asanas  Healthy Spine &amp; Straight Posture - Back exercises  Legs workout - Calves  thighs lower body exercises  Perfect abs workout - waistline tracker  Pilates workout routines and fitness exercises  Plank workouts - take a 30 day challenge  Stretching exercise. Flexibility training for body  Upper body workout for women - Beautiful breast  Warmup exercises - flexibility training  Yoga daily workout for flexibility and stretch  Yoga for weight loss - Lose weight in 30 days plan  Burn fat workout in 30 days. HIIT training at home  Neck exercises - Pain relief workout at home apps as an Ad Supported app. This SERVICE is provided by Individual Entrepreneur Gorsky Alexsander Vladimirovich (mEL Studio) at no cost and is intended for use as is.  This page is used to inform visitors regarding my policies with the collection  use  and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use my Service.  If you choose to use my Service  then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that I collect is used for providing and improving the Service. I will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.  The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions  which is accessible at the Service unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.  Information Collection and Use  For a better experience  while using our Service  I may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information when contacting our Service with email: Email address  country  device version  and model. The information that I request will be retained on your device and is not collected by me in any way.  The app does use third-party services that may collect information used to identify you.   Link to the Privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app   Google Play Services  Appodeal  Google Fit    Android device permissions used  This is a complete list of permissions requested by the latest version of the app. This list will be updated as the set of necessary permissions and the intents of their usage change.   Network communication (ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE  BILLING  INTERNET)  Purpose: Permissions are required to make a purchase through Google Play billing service  to use As Services.    Storage (WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE  READ_EXTERNAL_STORAGE)  Purpose: Permissions are required due to backup/restore purposes  to write an APP in ExternalSD  to store photos and images added to the app by the user  to attach photos from the phone or tablet from the gallery.    Vibration (VIBRATE)  Purpose: Permission is required for notifications during workouts.    Camera(CAMERA)  Purpose: Permission is required for tracking body changes in period  to attach photos to the application.    Alarms (SET_ALARM)  Purpose: For settings notifications  reminders  and alarms.    Activity recognition (android.permission.ACTIVITY_RECOGNITION  com.google.android.gms.permission.ACTIVITY_RECOGNITION)   Purpose: Permission is required for the Google Fit synchronization  to write down workouts progress  calories expended during training sessions. Log Data  I want to inform you that whenever you use my Service  in the case of an error in the app I collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address  device name  operating system version  the configuration of the app when utilizing my Service  the time and date of your use of the Service  and other statistics.  Cookies  Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device's internal memory.  This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However  the app may use third party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collect information and improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies  you may not be able to use some portions of this Service.  Service Providers  I may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:   To facilitate our Service;  To provide the Service on our behalf;  To perform Service-related services; or  To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.   I want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However  they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.  Security  I value your trust in providing us your Personal Information  thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet  or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable  and I cannot guarantee its absolute security.  Links to Other Sites  This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link  you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by me. Therefore  I strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. I have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content  privacy policies  or practices of any third-party sites or services.  Children’s Privacy  These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. I do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. In the case I discover that a child under 13 has provided me with personal information  I immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information  please contact me so that I will be able to do the necessary actions.  Changes to This Privacy Policy  I may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus  you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. I will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.  Contact Us  If you have any questions or suggestions about my Privacy Policy  do not hesitate to contact me at This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it. .  This privacy policy page was created at privacypolicytemplate.net and modified/generated by App Privacy Policy Generator      © 2016 - 2020  mEL Studio.   E-mail:  This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it. ; This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.       Privacy Policy   