Search this site Privacy Policy (Pills Time) Privacy Policy General The more important purpose to us is protecting your privacy. We hope  the following message will help you understand how we deal with the Personal Identifiable Information ('PII'). Our privacy policy is fully compliant with GDPR! We take your privacy seriously. We don’t collect any PII from you when you download our app «Pills Time». We don’t require the consumers to get registered before downloading the application. We don’t have a server to store any PII. Advertising in apps Our app uses AdMob as ads provider. AdMob wants to show ads that are relevant to you. For more information  check the AdMob's Privacy Policy . Purchases Your purchases in the app stores and in-app-purchases are handled by Google and Apple. We do not get access to your funds and banking data. Contact the developer When you personally decide to email us your feedback or to provide us with a bug report – that’s the only situation we may get access to your PII. The PII we may get from you are strictly limited to your name  email address and your survey response only. In above situation  we guarantee that your PII will only be used for contacting you and improving our services. We will never use such information for any other purposes  such as to further market our products  or to disclose your personal information to a third party for commercial gains. To send or not to send us your feedback or bug report - is a completely voluntary initiative upon your own decision. If you have concern about your PII being misused  or if you want further information about our privacy policy and what it means  please feel free to contact us via mobilecreatures@gmail.com  we will endeavor to provide clear answers to your questions in a timely manner. More info Our privacy policy is similar in content and power for both Google Play ( our app ) and App Store ( our app ). You can only use our apps if you agree to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Use. Otherwise  we ask you not to use our apps. Changes to This Privacy Policy We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus  you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. Mobile Creatures  2020 Report abuse Google Sites Report abuse