     Home    Contact Us    Privacy Policy    Terms of Use    Home    Contact Us    Privacy Policy    Terms of Use     Privacy Policy  Your privacy is important to Workout Inc. We designed our Privacy Policy to cover how we collect  use  disclose  transfer and store your information. Please familiarize yourself with our privacy practices and let us know if you have any questions. If you have any questions  inquires  requests or complaints concerning our Privacy Policy or information practices  please contact us at contact@workoutinc.net.  Privacy Policy for Workout Inc As used in this Privacy Policy  Workout Inc  we  us  or our refer to Workout Inc and all of its subsidiaries. Your privacy is important to Workout Inc. We designed our Privacy Policy to cover how we collect  use  disclose  transfer and store your information. Please familiarize yourself with our privacy practices and let us know if you have any questions. Our Privacy Policy applies only to the collection; use and disclosure of personal information that you may decide to provide to us in your use of our applications for mobile platforms or devices and our web applications accessible on third party social networking services. Any and all of our Workout Inc Applications  are referred to herein as our Services. We reserve the right to update this Privacy Policy at any time. If we modify this Privacy Policy in a material way  a notice will be posted in our Services and on the Sites along with the updated Privacy Policy. We will also update the Last Updated Date in the Privacy Policy. By continuing to access or use the Services after we have posted an updated Privacy Policy or have provided you with notice of a modification  you are indicating that you agree to be bound by the modified Privacy Policy. If the modified Privacy Policy is not acceptable to you  your only recourse is to cease using the Services. Please visit this page periodically to remain up-to-date as to any Privacy Policy changes. Take a moment now to read the following to learn about our information collection practices that may impact you as a registered user with full access to our Services or a non-registered user of our Services (each a  Workout Inc User ). For information regarding the collection and use of Personal Information (defined below) from children under 14 years old  see the Section below  entitled Our Policy Toward Children.  We Collect Personal Information and Non-Identifying Information In the course of using our Services  we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you. Personally identifiable information may include  but is not limited to  your name  and email address ( Personal Information ). We will collect  use  transfer and disclose Personal Information in accordance with our Privacy Policy. We also collect non-personal information  which is data in a form that does not permit direct association with you or any specific individual ( Non-Identifying Information ). Non-Identifying Information is aggregated and used to help improve our Services and Third Party Mobile Applications (defined below) by providing a better way to understand the Workout Inc User experience with the level of interest in various portions of our Sites  specific Applications or specific Third-Party Mobile Applications. We may collect  use  transfer and disclose Non-Identifying Information for any purpose; details provided in this Privacy Policy about what Non-Identifying Information we collect currently  and how we use  transfer and disclose such Non-Identifying Information concern only how such information is collected and used today. Both Personal Information or Non-Identifying Information may be used alone or in the aggregate with information collected from other Workout Inc Users. Our primary objective in collecting any Personal Information or Non-Identifying Information is to provide you with a superior and personally relevant user experience. In addition to the information collection practices described below  you may choose to share with our Services data from your Apple iOS Health App (“Health App”). You decide what information is placed into the Health App and you can modify which apps can access your data through your Health App settings. This Privacy Policy covers the treatment of Health App data shared with us through the Apple HealthKit API (“Health App Data”). We do not use your Health App Data for advertising or other use-based data mining purposes other than providing and improving our Services. We do not share your Health App Data with third parties without your consent. Once your fitness information is synced with the Apple HealthKit  we do not control any uses Apple may make of your fitness information. For more information on the Apple HealthKit  please see http://www.apple.com/ios/health/. How we use your Personal Information Your Personal Information may be used  for instance: To help us to develop  deliver  and improve our Services and advertising; To recommend products of interest directly to you; For market research purposes that support our efforts to deliver a more valuable service to our community of Workout Inc Users; For example  we may use your Personal Information to contact you with announcements  and promotional materials related to our Services or to offer you opportunities to participate in surveys  contests or sweepstakes (any of these a Promotion) via our Services. If you decide at any time that you no longer wish to receive such communications from us  please follow the unsubscribe instructions provided in any of the communications. (See Changing or Removing Information below for further information.) To allow us to keep you posted regarding our latest Service announcements  software updates  and upcoming events; To send important notices  such as communications about your purchases and changes to our Terms of Use  this Privacy Policy  or other Service-specific policies. Because this information is important to your interactions with Workout Inc  you may not opt out of receiving these communications; To audit and analyze data to improve our Services and customer communications.  How we use your Personal Information One of the instances when we collect your Personal Information is in connection with your registration on our Services. If you are a Workout Inc User  you can register either via an Workout Inc Application or via a third-party application utilizing our Services ( Third Party Mobile Application ) that was designed for mobile telephones or other mobile devices by a third-party publisher ( Third Party Publisher ). In connection with registration of Workout Inc Users on our Services  we collect Personal Information which may include your email address  as well as information on mobile device type  mobile carrier  unique mobile device identifier (Device ID)  Internet Protocol (IP) address and geo location  as applicable. We use your Device ID to make it possible to authenticate and understand your use of our Services  or the Third Party Mobile Application that you may choose to access through our Services. Related to this information collection  our Services may serve ads that contain links to other Third-Party Mobile Applications  and we may utilize your Device ID to track clicks or other ad fulfillment metrics. Our use of your Device ID does not enable us to identify you personally  and we do not store this information in connection with your Workout Inc User account information. You may also be asked explicitly to provide Personal Information or Non-Identifying Information anytime that you are in contact with Workout Inc company. If your Personal Information or Non-Identifying Information is shared with our affiliates  such sharing will be in accordance with this Privacy Policy.  Cookies & Other Technologies As is standard practice  we use cookies to help us study traffic patterns and understand the effectiveness of our marketing communications. A cookie is a small string of text that we send to your computer’s or mobile device's browser. Other types of cookies exist  but the cookies we use in connection with our Services are only used to obtain browser-specific information. For example  we do not use cookies to retrieve data from your hard drive  pass on computer viruses  or capture your email address. Cookies we use can reveal  for instance  which pages are the most popular  how much time Workout Inc Users are spending there  and how they are interacting with the content on such pages. You have the option to disable cookies by changing the options in your browser to stop accepting cookies or to prompt you before accepting a cookie from the pages you visit. If you do not accept cookies  however  you may not be able to view or use all portions of our Services due to limited functionality. Some of our Services  including email messaging  use click-through URLs linked to other content on our Services. We track this click-through data to help us determine interest in topics  Services usability and other measures of Workout Inc User engagement. We may also use pixel tags  web beacons  clear GIFs or similar means (individually or collectively  Pixel Tags ) in connection with our Services and to collect usage  demographic and geographical location data. A Pixel Tag is an electronic image  often a single pixel that is ordinarily not visible to users and may be associated with cookies on a user’s hard drive. Pixel Tags allow us to count users who have visited certain pages of the Sites  to deliver branded services and to help determine the effectiveness of promotional or advertising campaigns. When you use our Services or Third-Party Mobile Applications  our servers automatically record information that your browser or the applicable Service or Third-Party Mobile Application sends (Log Data). This Log Data may include information such as your computer’s or mobile device’s IP address  browser type  language  Internet Service Provider (ISP)  referring and exit pages  time spent  information searched for  time and date stamp  clickstream data and other statistics. We use this information to monitor  analyze and understand trends  for technical administration of Services and Third-Party Mobile Applications  and to gather demographic information about our Workout Inc User base as a whole. We  and Third Party Publishers may use this information for product and services improvements  and in marketing and advertising services. BY CLICKING ON THE SIGN UP BUTTON  WHERE APPLICABLE  OR OTHERWISE BY ACCESSING OR USING OUR SERVICES YOU ARE CONSENTING TO THE USE OF COOKIES AND OTHER TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES ON YOUR DEVICE.  With Third Parties for Industry Analysis In addition to sharing aggregated Non-Identifying Information with Third Party Publishers  we may also share aggregated Non-Identifying Information with advertisers and ad networks ( Advertising Entities ) with whom we have strategic relationships. Unless you specifically opt in to share your Personal Information  the information that we share with these third parties will only be used in the form of Non-Identifying Information to support user trend analyses and demographic profiling. Some Third Party Publishers and Advertising Entities also act as Service Providers (defined below) to us  so in those cases we will share your information as described below.  With Preferred Partners We may share your username  email address and Device ID (collectively   Specific Shared Data ) with certain of our Third Party Publishers and other business partners (Preferred Partners ) for those parties to assist us with providing you with the aspect of the Services for which you provided such Specific Shared Data to us  and to use such Specific Shared Data to provide you with information and marketing materials about Third Party Mobile Applications and other products and services in order  for example  to further enhance your use of our Services and to augment your gaming and social networking experience generally. In addition  in the event of a user inquiry concerning Third Party Publishers or Third Party Applications  we may send Specific Shared Data as well as the inquiry to a Preferred Partner to address the inquiry. We only share such information with Preferred Partners pursuant to an agreement by which the Preferred Partner is under obligations not to disclose or use it for any other purpose. You may contact us by any of the means provided in the Contacting Us section below to request not to have such information provided to Preferred Partners  understanding  however  that if such information is not shared with Preferred Partners it may affect your ability to use or access portions of the Services. Some Preferred Partners also act as Service Providers (defined below) to us  and in those cases we may also share Personal Information and Non-Identifying Information as described below.  With Third Party Social Networking Services (SNSs) As a user with an account  you may link your Workout Inc account information with certain SNSs where other Workout Inc Users have existing SNS accounts. In these instances  with your permission and on your behalf  we will share your email address and screen name or alias with the applicable SNS. Through use of such services’ application programming interfaces (APIs) we can receive certain information (which may include your Personal Information) in accordance with the privacy settings you have set in your SNS account  if any. Other than what we may share with the SNS in connection with your linking of accounts  the personal information an SNS has about you is obtained by the SNS independent of our Services. Other services follow different rules regarding the use or disclosure of the personal information you submit to them. We encourage you to read the privacy policies or statements of the other services you use.  User Content By using our Service you understand and agree that we are providing a platform for you to create content  including photos  comments and other materials (User Content)  to the Service and to share User Content publicly. This means that other Users may search for  see  use  or share any of your User Content that you make publicly available Workout Inc does not claim ownership of any Content that you create on or through the Service or any other social media networks. Instead  you hereby grant to Workout Inc. a non-exclusive  fully paid and royalty-free  transferable  sub-licensable  worldwide license to use the Content that you create or on or through the Service. Who you may choose to share your User Content with: Any Personally Identifiable Information or content that you voluntarily disclose such as User Content that you have created  may become available to the public  as controlled by any applicable privacy settings. If you remove information that you have created on the Service  copies may remain viewable in cached and archived pages of the Service  or if other Users have copied or saved that information.  With our Service Providers Disclosure of your Personal Information and Non-Identifying Information may also occur where we engage or employ service providers  vendors or other third party entities to facilitate provision of our Services (each a  Service Provider ) (e.g.  without limitation  improvement of our Services’ features  user account authentication  promotion and marketing  administration  analytics  virtual currency transactions  crowd-sourcing  cloud storage and other related services)  to provide the Services on our behalf  or to assist us in analyzing how our Services are being used. Our Service Providers may have access to your Personal Information only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose. Under Special Circumstances At times  we may disclose information about you to law enforcement officials or private parties as we  in our sole discretion  believe necessary or appropriate to respond to claims and legal process (including but not limited to subpoenas)  to protect the property and rights of Workout Inc or a third party  to protect the safety of the public or any person or to prevent or stop activity we may consider to be or to pose a risk of being  any illegal  unethical or legally actionable activity. Under another special set of circumstances  for example  in connection with a merger  acquisition  reorganization or sale of assets  or in the event of bankruptcy  we may sell  transfer or otherwise share some or all of Workout Inc assets  including your Personal Information.  Our Policy Toward Children Our Services are not intended for children under the age of 14 (children) and we do not knowingly collect any Personal Information from children. If we discover that we have inadvertently collected Personal Information from children  we will take all reasonable measures to erase such information from our systems and records as soon as possible.  Use as a Non-Registered User In certain Workout Inc Applications  a Workout Inc User may participate as a non-registered Workout Inc User through optional registration. This allows an Workout Inc User to play the game in a limited capacity. Workout Inc does not collect any Personal Information or Non-Identifying information  other than Device ID  for non-registered users. Workout Inc cannot and does not ensure the preservation of game data that is associated with any non-registered account.  Location-Based Services For location-based Services  we may collect  use  and share precise location data  including the real-time geographic location of your computer or mobile device. Unless you explicitly opt-in to permit the use and sharing of your Personal Information regarding your geographic location  your location data will only be collected and used anonymously in a form that does not personally identify you. When you opt in to Third Party Mobile Application providers’ location services  we will share your geographic location with such Third Party Mobile Application providers in connection with their location services. Please note that some location-based services may require your Personal Information for the feature to work as intended.  Invite-A-Friend If you choose to use our referral services to tell a friend about our Services  we will ask you for your friend’s name and email address. We will automatically send your friend a one-time email inviting him or her to use an aspect of our Services. Workout Inc hashes these email addresses after using them for the sole purpose of sending this one-time email.  Emailing Via a Workout Inc Application Workout Inc Users may send pre-formatted messages through use of their personal email account connected to their mobile device to  for example  challenge their friends to beat their high score in an Workout Inc Application where this functionality is available. Workout Incmay store the email address of the friend that you choose to email via our Services  but would only do so for social purposes such as generating friend recommendations (e.g.  in connection with people you may know functionality). The message you initiate will be sent through your personal email account to the email addresses you choose.  How We Protect Your Personal Information Workout Inc takes your privacy very seriously and employs administrative  physical and electronic measures to safeguard your information from identity theft and unauthorized access. We do not and will not  at any time  request your credit card information  your account ID  login password or national identification numbers in a non-secure or unsolicited communication (e.g. via e-mail  telephone  mobile device). We will make any legally required disclosures of any breach of the security  confidentiality  or integrity of your unencrypted electronically stored personal data (as defined in applicable state statutes on security breach notification) to you via email or conspicuous posting on the Sites in the most expedient time possible and without unreasonable delay  insofar as consistent with (i) the legitimate needs of law enforcement or (ii) any measures necessary to determine the scope of the breach and restore the reasonable integrity of the data system.  Changing or Removing Information As a user of an account  you may update or delete the Personal Information in your profile by logging into your account. You may also email us at contact@workoutinc.net to request that we delete your Personal Information from our database. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to honor your request. We may retain an archived copy of your records as required by law or for legitimate business purposes. Specific Shared Data cannot be retrieved from Preferred Partners after its disclosure. Where you share information with other users through the communication channels of our Services  you generally should not expect to have any ability to modify or remove such communications. Nor should you expect us to modify or delete your comments upon your request. If your friend received an invitation from Workout Inc per your referral to try the Services  your friend may request that the name and email address used in the invitation be removed from Workout Inc’s records. We store this information for the sole purposes of measuring the effectiveness of our referral program and sending the email you initiated  but your friend can request to have it removed from our database by emailing us at contact@workoutinc.net.  Links to Other Websites and Services Our Services may contain links to other websites and online services or offers from third parties. For example  our Services may include offers from third party advertisers or the ability to engage in transactions with such entities. If an Workout Inc User with an account chooses to participate in offer-linked information requests or clicks on an advertisement or another third party link  such Workout Inc User may be directed to that third party’s website or service and/or be prompted to provide Personal Information in connection with such activity. The fact that we link to a third party website or service is not an endorsement or representation of our affiliation with that third party  nor is it an endorsement of such third party’s privacy or information security policies or practices or their compliance with laws. We do not exercise control over third party websites or services. These other websites or services may place their own cookies or other files on your computer or mobile devices  collect data or solicit personal information from you. Other websites and services follow different rules regarding the use or disclosure of the personal information you submit to them. We encourage you to read the privacy policies or statements of the other websites and services you use and the terms of the offers in which you participate. You agree that Workout Inc is not responsible for  nor will it be liable to you or any third party for  your interaction with such third parties or the information requests initiated by such third parties or the subsequent use  treatment or dissemination of the information you voluntarily choose to provide to them.  Language The controlling language of this Privacy Policy is English; any provided translation of this Privacy Policy is for purposes of convenience only and the English version shall govern to the extent of any inconsistency.  Contacting Us If you have any questions  inquires  requests or complaints concerning our Privacy Policy or information practices  please contact us at contact@workoutinc.net. Opt-OUT of Interest-based Advertising Some of our ad technology parties participate in the NAI and/or DAA program. For more info please follow the below link: http://optout.networkadvertising.org/ http://optout.aboutads.info/   Back to Top  Contact Us | Privacy Policy | Terms of Use Copyright © 2019 Workout Inc. All Rights Reserved.   