  Privacy Policy  Last updated December 20  2019  This Privacy Policy is aimed to inform you (“You”) as a user of FitCoach: Weight Loss Workouts (“Application”  “App”  “Service”) about the information Mobilious Limited (“we”  “us”  “our”) with registered office at Florinis  7  Greg Tower  2nd floor  1065  Nicosia  Cyprus  as the Application developer  collects  how that information may be used  with whom it may be shared  and Your options about such use and disclosure. This Privacy Policy is incorporated into  and is subject to  the Application’s Terms of Use . We shall not collect  use or share Your information except as described in this Privacy Policy.  By choosing to use our Service You: (I) agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this Privacy Policy  (II) warrant and guarantee that You are over 16 years of age (or are a parent or guardian with such authority to agree to this Privacy Policy for the benefit of an individual under 16 years of age). Please do not use the Application or access the services provided by it if You do not agree to this Privacy Policy.  What kind of information do we collect?  We may collect information that can identify You  such as Your name and email address (“Personal Information”)  and other information that does not identify You  as listed below.   Information you provide    • information You provide: first name  email address  gender  date of birth  password  height and weight  target weight and target zones  fitness level. We may collect and store the above-mentioned information when You register and use the Service or provide it to us in some other manner  for example by corresponding with us (by email or chat  for instance) when You report a problem with the Service or when You subscribe to any of our services or search for a service.    Note: Information about a third party   When You provide us with information about a third party  You must have the consent of that third party before providing us with that information. By providing us with information regarding a third party You warrant that You have their permission to provide that information to us.   Information collected automatically    • Device information: may include information specific to Your mobile device (e.g.  OS Version  hardware  unique device identifier  mobile network information); information about Your logging in  use of features  functions  or notifications on the device. We also collect and use Your Apple Identifier for Advertising (IDFA) and Google Advertising ID (AAID) to recognize Your device and support advertising activities on our Services. These number values are not permanently tied to Your device and  depending on Your operating system  You can reset it through Your device settings.  • Usage information: information about the use of the App  such as frequency of use  engagement with particular features  which sections of the App user visits and common use patterns.  • Location: IP address  time zone  mobile service provider.  • Cookies. A cookie is a small amount of data stored on Your device used as an anonymous unique identifier. Please note that cookies commonly do not contain personal information. This Service does not use these cookies explicitly.   What do we collect this information for?   • enhancing Your user experience on our Application by operating  maintaining  and providing You with all of the content and features of the Service;  • managing Your account and providing You with customer support. We may use Your Personal Information to respond to Your requests for technical support  Service information or to any other communication You initiate (“customer support purposes”);  • performing research and analysis about Your use of  or interest in  our products  services or content  or products  services or content offered by others (“analytics purposes”);  • communicating with You via email  push notifications  reminders and/or through other digital methods about products or services that may be of interest to You either from us or other third parties. You can opt out of receiving push notifications by changing the settings on Your device;  • detecting and resolving any fraud or other illegal or undesirable user behavior;  • taking legally required actions.   With whom and what do we share this information for and how may we disclose it   Service Providers   We may share Your Personal Information with third parties that perform certain services on our behalf  such as our authorized service providers or analytics providers. In general  the third-party providers engaged by us will only collect  use and disclose Your information to the extent necessary to allow them to perform the services they provide to us  e.g. facilitating our Service and analyzing how our Service is used. Please note that they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.  You can learn more about - service providers with whom we may share Your Personal Information as described above hereunder  along with links to such service providers privacy policies  which we recommend You read: Amazon Web Services We use Amazon Web Services (“AWS”)  which is a hosting and backend service provided by Amazon  for personal data hosting and enabling our Application to operate and be distributed to its users. Amazon PinPoint Amazon Pinpoint is AWS’s Digital User Engagement Service that provides tools  which enable App audience management and segmentation  A/B testing and helps us understand user behavior.  In order to receive App analytics mentioned above we share the following data with Amazon PinPoint:    • user data;    • endpoint data;    • event data.    You can learn more about the Amazon Privacy Policy here: AWS Privacy Notice & AWS Data Privacy FAQ . AppsFlyer We use AppsFlyer for analytics purposes  specifically for research and analysis of users' interaction with the Application. Appsflyer helps us to understand  in particular  how users find our App (for example  which advertiser served an ad that led You to our App in AppStore or GooglePlay). Appsflyer also provides us with different analytics tools that enable us to research and analyze Your use of the Service.  In order to receive these services from Appsflyer  we share such data as:    • device type and model  CPU  system language  memory  OS version  Wi-Fi status  time stamp and zone  device motion parameters and carrier (“Technical Information”);    • IP address (which may also provide general location information)  User agent  IDFA (Apple identifier for advertisers)  Android ID (in Android devices)  Google Advertiser ID and other similar unique identifiers (“Technical Identifiers”);    You can learn more about the AppsFlyer Privacy Policy here: https://www.appsflyer.com/privacy-policy/ . Please note that You may cancel collection of Your Personal Information for and sharing it with AppsFlyer here: https://www.appsflyer.com/optout . Amplitude We use Amplitude for analytics and customer support purposes  specifically to understand how customers use our App.  As for analytics purposes  Amplitude helps us to understand  in particular  how users find our App (for example  which advertiser had delivered an ad that led You to our App in App store). Amplitude also provides us with different analytics tools that enable us to research and analyze Your use of the Service  which helps us to decide what Application features we should focus on .  As for customer support purposes  Amplitude helps us to respond to Your requests for technical support. For example  it enables us to track Your interaction with our App and in order to detect particular technical issues with the App.  In order to receive these services from Amplitude  we share such data as:    • Platform  device type (phone or tablet)  device family  country  city  region  carrier  OS  time zone  language  IP Address  locale  referral source (“technical information”);    • Your interaction with the App (i.e. taps on the particular screens) and age  gender  email  (“user related information”);.    • Unique identifiers (such as IDFA).    Amplitude is EU-US Privacy Shield certified  which you can verify and learn more about here: https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt000000001XZAAY&status=Active .  You can learn more about the Amplitude Privacy Policy here: https://amplitude.com/privacy . Firebase Firebase is an analytics service provided by Google  which helps us understand our audience best  analyze  customize and improve our Application for You.  With the Firebase help we can collect and analyse the following information regarding Your activity on Our Application:    • Application crashes;    • Users retention;    • Users quantity (active users; daily users; monthly users);    • Users in-app purchases;    • Audience information (location; device; demographics; interests);    • Users engagement (per session).    We also use Firebase Remote Config feature to track and analyse our Application users behavior  for instance  how they react to changes of the App structure  text or any other component. Firebase Remote Config is an A/B testing and configuration service provided by Google  which also enables us to tailor the content that our Application users see.  You can learn more about the Google Privacy Policy here: https://policies.google.com/privacy   Google use of data here: https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites   Firebase Privacy Policy here: https://firebase.google.com/terms/data-processing-terms/ and here: https://firebase.google.com/support/privacy/ . Crashlytics Crashlytics is a monitoring service provided by Google  which help us to oversee infrastructure and Application performance  specifically we analyse Application crashes  reasons for such crashes and ways to avoid the crashes.  You can learn more about the Crashlytics Privacy Policy here: https://docs.fabric.io/apple/fabric/data-privacy.html#crashlytics .  We recommend that You read all the privacy policies indicated above so You can understand the manner in which Your Personal Information will be handled by these providers.  However  certain third-party service providers  such as payment gateways and other payment transaction processors  have their own privacy policies with respect to the information we are required to provide to them for Your purchase-related transactions. For these providers  we recommend that You read their privacy policies so You can understand the manner in which Your Personal Information will be handled by these providers. For example  Apple and Google may be two such third-party companies that provide payments and they can be contacted through their websites: https://www.apple.com and https://play.google.com .   Law enforcement agencies and other public authorities   We may use and disclose personal data to enforce our Terms of Use  which can be found here: Terms of Use   to protect our rights  privacy  safety  or property  and/or that of our affiliates  you or others  and to respond to requests from courts  law enforcement agencies  regulatory agencies  and other public and government authorities  or in other cases provided for by law.   Third parties as part of a merger or acquisition   As we develop our business  we may buy or sell assets or business offerings. Information on customers is generally one of the transferred business assets in these types of transactions. We may also share such information with any affiliated entity (e.g. parent company or subsidiary) and may transfer such information in the course of a corporate transaction  such as the sale of our business  a divestiture  merger  consolidation  or asset sale  or in the unlikely event of bankruptcy.   International Data Transfers   Please note that our business is global  so when You provide Personal Information through our Service  the information may be sent to servers located in different countries around the world.  If You reside in the European Economic Area  please note that we take all adequate security measures to provide suitable safeguards due to data transfer to third countries. Our sub-processors located in such countries are also bound by respective data transfer agreements between them and us to provide all available legal security measures in regard to data privacy. Should You have questions concerning data transfer to third countries please contact us at support@fitcoach.fit (AppStore - iOS) or support-a@fitcoach.fit (Google Play - Android). Subject to applicable law  we may charge for this service and will respond to reasonable requests as soon as practicable  and in any event  within the time limits prescribed by law.  HOW YOU CAN ACCESS YOUR INFORMATION  If You would like to update or correct any information that You have provided to us through Your use of the Service  You may use the Service to do so. If You need help with rectification of data You think is inaccurate  please contact us via email at support@fitcoach.fit (AppStore - iOS) or support-a@fitcoach.fit (Google Play - Android).  You may also change certain Personal Information in Your account by going to the “Settings” menu or sending an email request to us at support@fitcoach.fit (AppStore - iOS) or support-a@fitcoach.fit (Google Play - Android).  You can make a request to erase Your Personal Information through the ‘Settings’ menu of this Application. Please note that it may affect the Services provided  and You will not be able to use the full scope of the Services. When we delete any information  it will be deleted from the active database  but it may remain in our archives due to legal obligations. Should You require the deletion of such personal information from our archives  please contact us at support@fitcoach.fit (AppStore - iOS) or support-a@fitcoach.fit (Google Play - Android). Please note that we may be required to keep such information in our archives and not delete it (or to keep this information for a certain time  in which case we will comply with Your deletion request only after we have fulfilled such requirements). Please also note that the erasing of Your Personal Information does not mean the automatic cancellation of Your subscription or refund of Your payments.  You can make a request to receive the Personal Information related to You through the ‘Settings’ menu of this Application. Should You make such a request  You will be required to provide us with an email address  which we would be able to send Your Personal Information to. Please note that You confirm and guarantee that the email address You provide to us in order to receive Your Personal Information shall belong to You and You shall be solely responsible for its correctness and validity and therefore we shall in any case not be liable for any breach of Your Personal Information due to sending it to that email address.  If You reside in the European Economic Area You may object to the processing of Personal Information concerning You for marketing purposes by contacting us at support@fitcoach.fit (AppStore - iOS) or support-a@fitcoach.fit (Google Play - Android) and the related Personal Information shall no longer be processed for such purposes.  Please note that You may also opt out from collection of Your data for marketing and advertising purposes not only via our App  but also on Your entire device using:   Your device settings   iOS: go to “Settings” -> “Privacy” -> “Advertising” -> “Limit Ad Tracking”. You   may additionally reset Your advertising identifier (this also may help You   to see less of personalized ads) in the same section.  Android: for Android 6.0 and higher – go to “Settings” -> “Google” -> “Ads” -> ”Opt out of interest-based ads”. For Android 5.2 and lower  use Google Settings app -> “Ads” -> ”Opt out of interest-based ads”.  You may additionally reset Your advertising identifier (this also may help You to see less of personalized ads) in the same section for both options mentioned.   and links below:   • Network Advertising Initiative – http://optout.networkadvertising.org/  • Digital Advertising Alliance – http://optout.aboutads.info/  • Digital Advertising Alliance (Canada) – http://Youradchoices.ca/choices  • Digital Advertising Alliance (EU) – http://www.Youronlinechoices.com/  • DAA AppChoices page – http://www.aboutads.info/appchoices   Please note that the result of such objection or cancellation may affect   the process of the Services improvement. However  You would still be able   to use the App.  If You think that the Personal Information related to You is inaccurate   but You can’t rectify it as described above  You may contact us at support@fitcoach.fit (AppStore - iOS) or support-a@fitcoach.fit (Google Play - Android) to restrict the processing of such data for the period of time we need to   verify the accuracy of the Personal Information  which we will inform You of.  You can stop all collection of information by the Application by uninstalling the Application from Your mobile device. You may use the standard uninstall processes as may be available as part of Your mobile device or via the Application marketplace or network.  How We Secure Your information  Security is our highest priority. Our App has been designed with Your security and privacy in mind.   • We protect the security of Your information by using encryption protocols and software;  • We aggregate and pseudonymize all of the Users Personal Information;  • We maintain physical  electronic and procedural safeguards in connection with the collection  storage and disclosure.  of Personal Information;  • We employ Personal Information systematic backups  which are intended to reduce the risk from disk crashes and errors  such as accidental information deletion   While we cannot ensure or guarantee that loss  misuse or alteration of information will never occur  we make all reasonable efforts to prevent it. However  You should bear in mind that submission of information over the internet is never entirely secure.     Please note that we do not collect and we are not responsible for the collection or security of Your payment details.  Children’s Privacy  This Service does not address anyone under the age of 16. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 16. If we discover that a child under 16 has provided us with Personal Information  we shall take steps to delete such information and terminate the child’s account. If You are a parent or a guardian and You are aware that Your child has provided us with Personal Information  please contact us so that we will be able to take the necessary actions.  Retention  We will retain Your information for as long as the Application is installed on Your mobile device or as needed to provide You with our Service. If You remove the Application  we will remove Your information and use copies of Your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations (including for tax and accounting purposes)  resolve disputes  and enforce our agreements.  Changes to This Privacy Policy  We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Therefore  You are advised to check our Service occasionally to inform Yourself of any changes. We will notify You of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page. Your continued use of the Application after changes to the Privacy Policy have been posted will constitute Your acceptance of such changes.  Contact Us  Please submit any questions  concerns or comments You have about this Privacy Policy or any requests concerning your Personal Information via email to support@fitcoach.fit (AppStore - iOS) or support-a@fitcoach.fit (Google Play - Android).   Terms of Use  Privacy Policy  Contact Us 