    Privacy Policy    Last updated: April 19  2020   Deep Meditate Inc is a Delaware corporation.  Hello! Welcome to Deep Meditate Inc's Privacy Policy. Please read this carefully before using our   site  services  or products. To make it easier for you to understand our policy  we've included   several annotations in grey text boxes that aren't a part of the policy itself  but are intended to emphasize key   sections and help you follow the text. We’ve tried to be fair and straightforward.   Please feel free to contact us if you have any questions or suggestions!   Deep Meditate Inc (all of those collectively with the Site  the Services) is the owner and operator of the Site and the provider   of the Services. Deep Meditate Inc respects your privacy  and we created this privacy policy (the Privacy Policy) to explain how we   collect  use  and disclose your information when you use the Services. The Polilcy is only applicable to our Services and not to   any other website  service  or online platform. Capitalized terms that are not defined in this Privacy Policy have the meaning given   them in our Terms of Service . BY ACCESSING THE SITE  UTILIZING ANY OF THE SERVICES AND/OR REGISTERING   WITH US  YOU SIGNIFY THAT YOU HAVE READ  UNDERSTOOD AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THIS POLICY  INCLUDING OUR TERMS OF SERVICE  WHICH   ARE INCORPORATED HEREIN BY REFERENCE.  1. Information Collection And Use  We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our Service to you.  Types of Data Collected  Personal Data  While using our Service  we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you (Personal Data).   Personally identifiable information may include  but is not limited to:   Email address First name and last name Meditation progress Meditation journal entries Cookies and Usage Data   When signing up for an account on one of our apps  we collect your email and name from the sign in provider you picked (such as Facebook or Google)    and only then enable the collection and storage of Meditation progress data and Meditation Journal entries in order to sync with your other devices. Unless you choose   to create an account  your personal data will not be collected.  Usage Data  We may also collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our Service or when you access the Service by or through a mobile device (Usage Data).  This Usage Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address)  browser type  browser version  the pages of our Service that you visit  the time and date of your visit  the time spent on those pages  unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data .  When you access the Service by or through a mobile device  this Usage Data may include information such as the type of mobile device you use  your mobile device unique ID  the IP address of your mobile device  your mobile operating system  your mobile operating system version  the type of mobile Internet browser you use  unique device identifiers  and other diagnostic data .   Tracking & Cookies Data  We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our Service and hold certain information.  Cookies are files with small amount of data which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your device. Tracking technologies also used are beacons  tags  and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyze our Service.  You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However  if you do not accept cookies  you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.  Examples of Cookies we use:   Session Cookies. We use Session Cookies to operate our Service.  Preference Cookies. We use Preference Cookies to remember your preferences and various settings.  Security Cookies. We use Security Cookies for security purposes.    Use of Data   Deep Meditate Inc uses the collected data for various purposes:   To provide and maintain the Service  To display ads and promotional goods  To notify you about changes to our Service  To allow you to participate in interactive features of our Service when you choose to do so  To provide customer care and support  To provide analysis or valuable information so that we can improve the Service  To monitor the usage of the Service  To detect  prevent and address technical issues   The reason we collect this data is to show ads  and to find insights that help us make better apps and improve our services.   Transfer Of Data  Your information  including Personal Data  may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state  province  country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction.  If you are located outside Canada and choose to provide information to us  please note that we transfer the data  including Personal Data  to Canada and the United States of America  and process it there.  Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.  Deep Meditate Inc will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information.  We want to let you know that your data is stored and processed in the US and Canada. We will also take all reasonable steps to ensure your information is never transferred to a location or country unless there are adequate laws in place to protect the security of your data.   Disclosure Of Data   Legal Requirements  Deep Meditate Inc may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:   To comply with a legal obligation  To protect and defend the rights or property of Deep Meditate Inc  To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service  To protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public  To protect against legal liability    Security Of Data  The security of your data is important to us  but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet  or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data  we cannot guarantee its absolute security.   Service Providers  We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service (Service Providers)  to provide the Service on our behalf  to perform Service-related services or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.  These third parties have access to your Personal Data and Usage Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.  Google Firebase and Google AdMob  Google Firebase is analytics service provided by Google Inc and Google AdMob is an advertiser publishing service provided by Google Inc.  You may opt-out of certain Firebase features through your mobile device settings  such as your device advertising settings or by following the instructions provided by Google in their Privacy Policy: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en  We also encourage you to review the Google's policy for safeguarding your data: https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245 . For more information on what type of information Firebase collects  please visit please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en  Facebook Analytics and Facebook Audience Network  Facebook Analytics is analytics service provided by Facebook Inc and Facebook Audience Network is an advertiser publishing service provided by Facebook Inc.  You may opt-out of certain Facebook features through your mobile device settings  such as your device advertising settings or by following the instructions provided by Google in their Privacy Policy: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en  We also encourage you to review the Google's policy for safeguarding your data: https://www.facebook.com/policy.php .  We partner with Google and Facebook for analytics of our app's usage (download counts  revenue generated etc.) and use their respective advertising platforms in order to fetch and display ads.    Links To Other Sites  Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link  you will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.  We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content  privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.    Children's Privacy  Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 13 (Children).  We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your Children has provided us with Personal Data  please contact us . If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from children without verification of parental consent  we take steps to remove that information from our servers.    Changes To this Privacy Policy  We reserve the right  at any time  to add to  change  update  or modify this Privacy Policy. Any such changes to this Privacy Policy will be posted here on our Site   so we urge to please visit this page frequently. In all cases  use of information we collect is subject to the Privacy Policy in effect at the time such information is collected.    Contact Us  If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy  please contact us:   By email: [email protected]  By mail: Deep Meditate Inc 340 South Lemon Ave #6381 Walnut CA United States - 91789  