  Train With Lyzabeth App (TWL App) Privacy Policy  This Train With Lyzabeth App Privacy Policy (Privacy Policy) describes how we collect and use your information through digital means. By accessing or using this mobile application you consent to our Privacy Policy. The Train With Lyzabeth App is a partnership between Holistically Fit Inc. and Global Fitness Creative Inc. and will be known as “Train With Lyzabeth” in this Privacy Policy. Train With Lyzabeth may modify this Privacy Policy at any time effective upon its posting. Your continued use of our products and services constitutes your acceptance to this Privacy Policy and any updates. This Privacy Policy is incorporated into  and is subject to  the Terms of Use.  INFORMATION ABOUT THE AUTO-RENEWABLE NATURE OF THE SUBSCRIPTION  The Train With Lyzabeth App is a $12.99 USD monthly  $29.99 USD quarterly and  $89.99 USD yearly subscriptions that will auto-renew for a one month  3 months and 1 year period. These 3 plans have subscription terms of 1 month  3 months and 1 year and will auto-renew at the completion of specified time period.  Your subscription automatically renews unless auto-renew is turned off at least 24-hours before the end of the current period.  Payment for your chosen subscription of the Train With Lyzabeth App will be charged to your iTunes Account at confirmation of purchase. Your iTunes account will be charged for one month renewal of $12.99 USD   for three months renewal of $29.99 USD and for one year renewal of $89.99 USD within 24-hours prior to the end of the current period respectively according to the plan subscribed.  Subscriptions may be managed in your iTunes settings and auto-renewal may be turned off by going to your iTunes Account Settings after purchase.  WHAT INFORMATION DO YOU GIVE US?  We collect information you give us or permit us to access. Information may include  but is not limited to:  social media profile information  name  email  fitness level  height  weight  gender  contacts  GPS location  and when necessary  credit card information.  WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT FROM YOU?  Information we may collect includes  but is not limited to  your telephone number  Device identifier  GPS location  cookie information  system type  information about your purchases and other information about your interactions with us. We may automatically collect information when you interact with the Train With Lyzabeth mobile application.  CHILDREN'S PRIVACY  We do not knowingly solicit or collect personal information from children under 13.  INFORMATION MAY BE USED TO OPERATE  IMPROVE AND ANALYZE USER EXPERIENCE  Train With Lyzabeth may use the information we collect to analyze user behavior and trends  send you administrative messages  send you in-app messages and other information about Train With Lyzabeth  and communicate with you.  INFORMATION MAY BE USED TO PROVIDE AND CONDUCT MARKETING AND PROMOTIONS  Train With Lyzabeth may use the information we collect to communicate with you about our products  services and events  promotions  surveys or other app features. Information may also be used to display relevant marketing material to you.  SHARING INFORMATION  Train With Lyzabeth may provide your information to Global Fitness Creative Inc. or Holistically Fit Inc. and their respective affiliates. We may also share your information to administer new app features (Ex: Fitbit API integration).  BY LAW OR TO PROTECT RIGHTS  We may share information to prevent illegal uses of the Train With Lyzabeth app or violations of the Terms of Use  or to defend ourselves against third-party claims.  We may disclose information upon governmental request  in response to a court order  when required by law  to enforce our policies  or to protect our or others' rights  property or safety.  TRANSFER OF OWNERSHIP OR ASSETS  Your information may be transferred to a third party as a part of our business assets in a sale of a part or all of the Train With Lyzabeth App partnership owners.  SOCIAL MEDIA INFORMATION SHARING  If you choose to share your activity on other platforms  such as Facebook or other social media platforms  please read the privacy policies of those platforms. Any information about Train With Lyzabeth published on those platforms will no longer be governed by Train With Lyzabeth’s Privacy Policy.  TRAIN WITH LYZABETH ACCESS TO PUBLIC INFORMATION  Information that is publicly shared may be used by Train With Lyzabeth for marketing or promotional purposes.  PROTECTING INFORMATION  We use a variety of security measures  including encryption and authentication tools  to help protect your information. We use secure servers for your profile and subscription information to the app.  NO GUARANTEE Like other companies  Train With Lyzabeth cannot guarantee 100% the security or confidentiality of the information you provide to us. We have put measures in place to do our best that your information security is not breached.  MODIFYING OR DELETING YOUR INFORMATION  You can modify or delete your profile information through your Train With Lyzabeth account. Train With Lyzabeth may keep information provided and consented upon in our backup files and archives.  OPT-OUT/ UNSUBSCRIBE  You may unsubscribe to email promotions and notifications by using the “Unsubscribe” link in the respective email or changing your settings. Train With Lyzabeth may still send you in-app notifications. You have the ability to toggle off notifications in your profile of the app.  INTERNATIONAL USERS  Regardless of where you live  you consent to have your personal data transferred  processed and stored in both the United States and Canada  and allow Train With Lyzabeth to use and collect your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.  TERMS OF USE  Your use of the Train With Lyzabeth app is subject to this Privacy Policy as well as our Terms of Use.  For questions or concerns  please contact support@plankk.com    Powered By   Train With Lyza App is a partnership between Plankk. and Holistically Fit Inc.  © Copyright 2017 Plankk. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Terms Of Use   