   PRIVACY POLICY  Protecting you privacy is very important to us. The following statement will help you understand how our app Buttocks and Legs In 21 Days deals with the personal identifiable information  Information we collect  ADVERTISING  The app uses advertising to provide the content free of charge. When you use the app your device automatically sends certain information to our advertising partner Admob. AdMob is an advertising service provided by AdMob Google Inc. This type of service allows User Data to be utilised for advertising communication purposes displayed in the form of banners and other advertisements on our apps  possibly based on user interests. It may use cookies to identify users or they may use the behavioural retargeting technique  i.e. displaying ads tailored to the User’s interests and behaviour  including those detected outside this Application. For more information  please check their privacy policy: https://policies.google.com/technologies/ads?hl=ru . Opt Out from ad personalisation https://www.google.com/settings/ads   NOTIFICATIONS AND NEWSLETTERS  To keep you up to date on the latest product announcements  software updates  or other information we think you would like to hear about (unless you have opted out of these types of communications) via email (if you signed in) or push notifications. (Note that you will not be able to opt-out of service announcements that contain important information relevant to your use of the Site and are not promotional in nature.)  ANALYTICS  Our app uses Google Analytics for Firebase in order to understand how users engage with our apps and how to improve them. When you use these apps your device automatically sends certain information to our analytics partner Firebase Analytics. The gathered information includes  for example  the device type  the session length  and interactions with various user interface elements.  We use this data only to improve our services. Google Analytics for Firebase Use Policy https://firebase.google.com/policies/analytics/  CONTACT US  If you have concerns about your personal data being misused or if you want other information about our privacy policy you can contact us at support@fit-apps.com .  