    Privacy Policy  Logomotiv provides this Privacy Policy to inform you about our policies and procedures regarding the collection  protection  disclosure and use of personal information we receive from our applications users  Information we collect from you  The device ID associated with the devices upon which you install our applications is collected in order to track general usage that is not associated with your other personal information and is used in order to understand general usage patterns by our users in order to improve the Products.  When do we collect information?  We collect information from our users when they register in our app  login social media  use and enter information in our app.  How this information is protected  The security of your information is important to us. We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the solicited information submitted to us  both during transmission and once we receive it. You should be aware  however  that there is no data that is transmitted over the Internet that can be guaranteed 100% secure in transmission or safe from theft or illegal capture.  How we use this information  Any information that you submit to us remains your property. However  we may use it for the purposes described herein. Service. We reserve the right to use the information (including Personal Information) we collect  in order to administer  operate  and continuously improve our Service. We may also use the information to monitor and analyze trends  usage and activities in connection with our Service. Provided  however  that no Personal Information shall be disclosed to third parties within the scope of this clause  other than Logomotiv's trusted affiliates which are responsible for supporting or enhancing our Services  and for such purposes only. Advertisements. We reserve the right to use the Personal Information (and/or any other applicable information) we collect to create  market and distribute anonymized audience segments to third parties. We will share the Personal Information (and/or any other applicable information) we collect with unaffiliated third party advertisers and marketers for purposes unrelated to the original consumer transaction. We or our data partners may customize personalized content and advertisements and connect certain demographic or other data about you (received from third parties) to data we have collected from you  such as your mobile device identifier or IP address. Aggregate Information. We compile aggregated information about our users to better optimize our Service  preferences  and to assist in our marketing efforts. We may also share aggregated data about our user base including the number of users that we have  certain trends  statistical data  etc.  without disclosing any Personal Information.  Changes in this Privacy Statement  We reserve the right to modify the Privacy Policy at any time. If we decide to change the Privacy Policy  we will notify users by in-app message and post those changes our website at www.logomotivapp.ru. Your continued use of the Service following notice of changes to the Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of any changes. Provided that  we will not change the way we use your Personal Information without receiving your consent.  We Don’t Collect Information of Children  Our website and mobile applications comply with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act. We don’t knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13  and if in the event that a user identifies himself or herself as a child under the age of 13 through a support request  we will not collect  store or use  and will delete in a secure manner  any personal information of such user.   