      Home    Articles    Support    About Us    Work at Perigee    Career Site  Legal    Terms of Service    Privacy Policy     Seven Privacy Policy Your privacy is very important to us at Perigee and we appreciate that you are trusting us with your personal information. Here are a few of our fundamental privacy principles:  Information you share with Seven may be seen by others depending on your privacy settings. We aggregate and de-identify certain information about our users to use for business purposes. We offer several ways to control the privacy of your personal information and we continuously work on enhancing the options available to you. Our privacy policy (the “Privacy Policy”) explains the information we collect  how we use and share it  how to manage your privacy settings  and your rights in connection to when you use our Seven applications  software  websites  APIs and services (collectively  “Seven”).  Unless indicated otherwise  this Privacy Policy does not apply to third party products or services or the practices of companies that we do not own or control  including other companies you might interact with in or through Seven.  Questions or comments about this Privacy Policy can be submitted by email to privacy@perigee.se  Personal Data Controller  The company responsible for the processing of your personal data is:  Company Name  Perigee AB  Corporate Identity No  556906-9882  Address  Gustav Adolfs Torg 10A   211 39 Malmö  Sweden  Email  contact@perigee.se  Processing of Your Information  Perigee collects  uses  shares and otherwise processes information we have about you for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy  including:  Where you have consented to the processing  which you can revoke at any time. For example  you may consent to the processing of health-related information. Where necessary to comply with legal obligation  a court order  or to exercise and defend legal claims. Where you have made the information public. Where necessary in the public interest  such as effectiveness of HIIT workouts. Where necessary for the purposes of Perigee’s or a third party’s legitimate interest  such as those of visitors  members or partners. We do this in order to provide and improve Seven by providing and developing tailored offerings to you as a user on a sustained basis  as well as to keep Seven safe and secure by protecting against fraud  spam and abuse etc.  Information We Collect  Perigee collects information about you  including information that directly or indirectly identifies you  if you choose to share it with Perigee. We receive information in multiple ways  including when you complete a workout or record other activities using Seven. Perigee also collects information about how you use Seven. There are also several opportunities for you to share information about yourself and your activities with Perigee. Some examples are listed below.  Account information  We collect information such as name  email address  username  country and language to help us secure access to Seven if you create an account. If you used your phone number to sign up for an account without a verified email address  we keep a record of your phone number to be able to identify you.  Use information  We collect information about when you choose to work out (including date  time  exercise information etc)  or otherwise use Seven.  Health information  Upon given consent we collect health information such as weight  height  gender  date of birth  heart rate during workouts and max heart rate. This information will be used during a workout session to calculate the calories you burned more accurately  and to give an overview of your performance with graphs and other statistics. You can withdraw your consent to Perigee processing your health information at any time.  Contacts’ information  You can choose to add your contacts’ information to Seven to more easily connect with your contacts’ in Seven. Your contacts’ information can be either from your contact book or a third-party provider. If you choose to use this feature Seven will access and store your contacts’ to be able to notify you when new contacts join Seven or display contacts already in Seven. By submitting such contact information you confirm that you have the authority to use and share such information.  Content you share in Seven  Perigee gathers information about new workouts you create  challenges you participate in and other activities such as comments and likes you share in Seven.  Third-Party Accounts  If you choose to sign up and log in to Seven using accounts you created with third-party services such as Sign in with Apple or Google (collectively  “Third-Party Accounts”) we will collect information that you agreed to make available such as name  email address and profile information. This information is collected by the Third-Party Account provider and is provided to Perigee under their privacy policies. You can generally control what information they share with us by using their privacy settings.  Contact information  If you chose to provide us with your contact information  for example by emailing us  we will use this to respond to support requests and comments.  Use across our services  We may combine information we collect from you with information obtained from other users  third parties and information derived from any other subscription  product or service we provide.  Technical information  We collect technical information from the devices you use to access Seven. This information is used to analyze trends and protect and secure Seven. The information collected includes network information; including IP addresses  timestamps  log files  and operating system.  How We Use Information  Perigee uses the information we collect to operate and improve Seven as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy. For example  we use your health information to provide you with statistics and key data points like heart rate and burned calories. We use profile information like your name  username  profile picture and workout progress to show your performance in different leaderboards  and to let your followers stay in touch with your activities in Seven. You can control how much of your profile is made public in the privacy settings from Seven.  We also use your information to analyze and improve Seven. To accomplish this Perigee may use third party providers to analyze and gain insight into how Seven is used and to help us improve Seven.  We may use your email address to send you service and marketing related notices if you have agreed to receive such messages. Those emails can be unsubscribed from with clear and simple instructions in the email. We may also use your email address to notify you on updates to our Privacy Policy or Terms of Use.  We use your device information to send you notifications about events that occur in Seven. You can always control what notifications you receive from Seven from the Settings section in the applications. We also use your information to respond to you when you contact us. Perigee will use your information to communicate with you  for example by sending you notifications.  How Information Is Shared  We may share anonymous  aggregate statistics with outside parties  such as how many people do a daily workout  most popular workouts  equipment etc.  To analyze  gain insight and improve Seven we might share de-identified information with third-parties. These third parties will only receive the information needed to perform these specific actions  and Perigee will never share more information than necessary.  Service Providers  We may share your information with third parties who provide services to Perigee such as supporting and improving Seven or promoting Seven. These service providers will only have access to the information necessary to perform these limited functions on our behalf and are required to protect and secure your information.  We may also engage service providers to collect information about your use of Seven over time on our behalf so that we or they may promote Seven or display information that may be relevant to your interests in Seven or other websites or services.  Publicly Available Information  Subject to your privacy settings  your information and content may be publicly accessible.  Legal Requirements  We may disclose your information in response to subpoenas  court orders  or other legal requirements; to exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims; to investigate  prevent  or take action regarding illegal activities  suspected fraud or abuse  violations of our policies; or to protect our rights and property.  In the future  we may sell to  buy  merge with  or partner with other businesses. In such transactions  user information may be among the transferred assets.  How We Protect Information  We work hard to keep your data safe in Seven from the collection  transmission and storage of the data we collect. We use a combination of technical controls to maintain the security of your data. This includes using industry standard Transport Layer Security (TLS) and Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) to encrypt many of our services and ensure that information is transmitted and stored securely in Seven. In addition to this  we protect this information using advanced firewall technology.  Although we use a combination of industry standards to maintain the security of your data  no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be absolutely secure  and Perigee cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to Perigee. Transmitting personal information is done at your own risk.  Your Rights  Seven provides options in the Settings to access and control your personal information. If you need any further assistance regarding your rights  feel free to contact us either from the applications or through the contact form at http://perigee.se/support .  Privacy Settings  Perigee offers several features and settings to help you manage your privacy and how you share activities. For example  you can make your profile private so no one sees your workout or progress in our services. Most privacy settings are located in the Settings -> Privacy section in Seven.  Notifications and Email Preferences  You can stop receiving certain notifications by going to Settings -> Notifications in Seven. You may also unsubscribe by following the clear instructions contained at the bottom of each email. Administrative or service-related emails (to confirm a purchase  updates to Privacy Policy  etc.) generally do not offer an option to unsubscribe as they are necessary to provide the services you requested.  Access Your Data  If you do not have an account then no personal information will be stored outside the device being used. By logging in to your account  you can access much of your information.  You also have the option to download your personal data we have on you  including other information such as all workouts you ever completed or imported when logged in to Seven.  Editing and Deleting Your data  From Seven you can always edit your information such as email address  name  username etc. You can also delete specific recorded activities  for example workouts or comments posted by yourself.  You may delete your account directly from Seven. Once deleted  your data  including account  activities and leaderboard placements cannot be reinstated.  Objecting to Data Use  In Seven you can control our data use. For example you can hide some of your information to other users of Seven by enabling a private profile. By using the notification settings you can limit the notifications which you receive from Seven  and you can revoke access from Apple Health and Google Fit through the health settings which prevents Seven from accessing your health information.  Data Retention  We keep information as long as it is necessary to operate Seven. We keep all of your information until you either delete your account or if your account has been inactive for a certain amount of time  whichever happens first. Following the deletion of your account  it may take up to 60 days to fully delete your personal information from our systems.  Additionally  we may retain information from deleted accounts to comply with the law  prevent fraud  collect fees  resolve disputes  troubleshoot problems  assist with investigations  enforce the Terms of Use or take other actions permitted by law. The information we retain will be handled in accordance with this Privacy Policy.  Information about you that is no longer necessary and relevant to provide our services may be de-identified and aggregated with other non-personal data to provide insights which are commercially valuable to Perigee  such as statistics of the use of Seven.  Children  If you are under the age 16 you are not allowed to create an account or submit any personal data through Seven. We encourage parents and legal guardians to monitor their children’s Internet use and to help us enforce our Privacy Policy by instructing their children to never provide any personal data through Seven.  If you become aware that a child under the age of 16 has submitted personal data to us  please contact us at contact@perigee.se.  If we learn that we have accessed and stored personal information about a child under the minimum required age  we will take steps to delete the information as soon as possible.  Changes to This Policy  Perigee has the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time  so please review it occasionally. We will notify you before we make any substantial changes to this Privacy Policy and give you an opportunity to review the revised policy.  Any and all material changes shall come into effect between you and Perigee upon your acceptance of such changes (e.g. by using Seven after such notification has been made to you or renewing your subscription).  If you object to any change in the Privacy Policy you should immediately delete your account and stop using Seven.  This policy was last modified on May 23  2018.    Work with us    Career Site  Learn More    Articles  Support    Help Center  About Us    Company Page    Press and Media  Legal    Terms of Service    Privacy Policy  Get the app          