Search this site Female Fitness Privacy Policy Your privacy is important to 30 Days Workout. We designed our Privacy Policy to cover how we collect  use  disclose  transfer and store your information. Please familiarize yourself with our privacy practices and let us know if you have any questions. If you have any questions  inquires  requests or complaints concerning our Privacy Policy or information practices  please contact us at devculture019@gmail.com.  30 Days Workout (hereinafter as the Company  we  our or us) understands the importance of protecting your privacy. Therefore  we have established a Privacy Policy to explain how the Company treats your information and protects your privacy when you use this software (the Software) and services this Software provided (the Service ) and the rights and options available to you regarding your information. This Privacy Policy does not apply to any third-party websites  services or applications  even if they are accessible through our Services. Any information that we collect is subject to the privacy policy in effect at the time that information is collected. We may  however  modify and revise this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we make any material changes to this Privacy Policy  we’ll notify you of those changes by posting them on the Services or other notification  and we’ll indicate when those changes will become effective. 30 Days Workout (this “Product”) is smart phone user system developed  operated and managed by 30 Days Workout Limited. We fully respect and protect users’ personal privacy. While providing you with quality protect your personal data in accordance with this Privacy Policy (the “Policy”). We will explain how we process your personal data in this Policy and how you may access and control your personal data. Please completely read and fully understand this Policy before using this Product.   Your privacy is important to us . We designed our Privacy Policy to cover how we collect  use  disclose  transfer and store your information. Please familiarize yourself with our privacy practices and let us know if you have any questions. Our Privacy Policy applies only to the collection; use and disclosure of personal information that you may decide to provide to us in your use of our applications for mobile platforms or devices and our web applications accessible on third party social networking services. Any and all of our Workout Applications  are referred to herein as our Services. Generally  we do not collect any PII from you when you download our Android applications. To be specific  we do not require the consumers to get registered before downloading the application  nor do we keep track of the consumers' visits of our application  we even don't have a Server to store such PII. Our Services are not directed to children under 16 and we do not knowingly collect PII from children under 16. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with information without their consent  he or she should promptly contact us and we take reasonable steps to ensure that such information is deleted from our files.   Information we collect Cookies ( Webview browser cookies) - When you visit Forum service  we may send one or more cookies ? files with small amount of data that is commonly used an anonymous unique identifier ?to your mobile device that uniquely identifies your device and allows the application to help you log in faster and enhance your navigation through the Forum. You can reset your web browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. If you choose to refuse our cookies  you may not be able to use some portions of this Service. Ads - Our app may uses Facebook as ads provider. Facebook uses cookies (as described above) to make it possible to analyze how users use Our Services  and show ads that are relevant to you. For more information  please check https://m.facebook.com/ads/ad_choices. Analytic - We use third party analytic tool  Google Analytic  to help us measure traffic and usage trends for the service. Google Analytic collects information such as how often users visit our services  what pages they visit when they do so  and what other pages they use prior to coming to our services. We use the information get from Google Analytic only to improve our services. Log file - The only situation we may get access to your PII is when you personally decide to email us your feedback or to provide us with a bug log report. The PII we may get from you in that situation are strictly limited to your name  email address  device information  location Information and your survey response only.  Information may be Collected by Third-Party Certain Software and Services may include and/or enable you to add content to them. The content may be in the form of buttons  gadgets  links to third party advertisements  websites  products and services (including search services) as well as additional means that are provided to you by third parties (collectively  Third Party Content and Services). The use of such Third Party Content and Services is subject to their privacy policies. You shall be aware that the use of the Third Party Content and Services may give these third parties the ability to access  collect  store  and/or share your information  both your PII and non-personally identifiable information. In order to clarify  we do not review  approve  monitor  endorse  warrant  or make any representations with respect to such Third Party Content and Services and your access to any Third Party Content and Services is at your own risk. We are not responsible for the information contained and/or made available through  the practices of  or your use or inability to use such Third Party Content and Services. You expressly relieve us from any and all liability arising from your use of such Third Party Content and Services. We recommended that you read the terms  conditions and privacy policies of such Third Party Content and Services before using or accessing any of them. For providing customized advertisement  the third-party advertising companies may collection or use your personal information (not including your name  address  email address or telephone number) when you use the Software or Service.    How we use your information In above situation  we guarantee that your PII will only be used for contacting you and improving our services. We will never use such information (e.g. your name and email address) for any other purposes  such as to further market our products  or to disclose your personal information to a third party for commercial gains. To provide the Services to you. We require certain information from you in order to provide you with the Services you requested. Such information may include your contact and device information. We share this information with our service providers or partners to the extent necessary to continue to provide you with the Services. We cannot provide you with Services without such information. To provide customer service. We process your personal information when you contact us to help you with any questions  concerns  disputes or issues  or to provide us with your feedback. Without your personal information  we cannot respond to you or ensure your continued use and enjoyment of the Services. To enforce terms  agreements or policies. To ensure your safety and adherence to our terms  agreements or policies  we may process your personal information to: actively monitor  investigate  prevent and mitigate any alleged or actual prohibited  illicit or illegal activities on our Services; investigate  prevent  or mitigate violations of our terms and policies; enforce our agreements with third parties and partners; and  collect fees based on your use of our Services. We cannot perform our Services in accordance with our terms  agreements or policies without processing your personal information for such purposes.  Contact us It should be noted that whether or not to send us your feedback or bug report is a completely voluntary initiative upon your own decision. If you have concern about your PII being misused  or if you want further information about our privacy policy and what it means  please feel free to email us at devculture019@gmail.com  we will endeavor to provide clear answers to your questions in a timely manner. Report abuse Page details Page updated  Google Sites Report abuse