   Home  Apps  Workouts  Ebooks  Blog  Community  About     Privacy Policy  This Privacy Policy explains our practices regarding the collection use  disclosure and protection of information that is collected through our Service  as well as your choices regarding the collection and use of information  Prior to using the Service  kindly make sure you have read and agreed with the terms of collection  storage  use and disclosure of your Personal Information as described in current Privacy Policy.  If you choose to use our Service  then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Information that we collect is used for providing and improving the Service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.  The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you.  Information Collection and Use  For a better experience  while using our Service  we may require you to provide us certain personally identifiable information. The information that we request will be retained by us and used as described in this privacy policy.  When you use the Service  some information about your device and your user behavior may be processed automatically. This information is generally non-personal  and we may access it only in aggregated form. We process this information on the ground of our legitimate interest in improving our App and giving our users the best experience. Otherwise we may not be able to provide you with all the requested services and features of the App.   Personal Information – when creating an account  you may be asked to provide us personal information such as your name  surname  username  e-mail address  phone number  photo  etc. If you connect a family member or friend to your account  we may collect the same personal information about them too. When signing up for a payed service within our app  we may also collect and store billing information. Personal Information may be required for account authentication  when dealing with inquires and complaints made by or about you related to the Service  for communication with you  including sending service-related messages  sending unsolicited marketing notifications  maintenance and provision of features and functionality of the Service  personalizing your profile in order to interact and be recognized by users in your Groups.  When using our Service  we may also collect information regarding addresses and locations of you and your friends/family in order to mark your favorite places and generate alerts when family/friends leave and arrive.   Geolocation - We collect your location information through your device IP Address  Wi-Fi  Bluetooth and GPS coordinates available through your mobile device. We may also collect data about your location using other technologies and sensors which may provide us information about nearby devices  Wi-Fi access points and networks  and nearby cell towers.  We collect and maintain location data to provide you complete functionality of the Service. We may share location information with third parties for advertising  research  analytic and other purposes. If you want to restrict collection of your location data  please adapt your settings in your mobile device  to bound the access of the app.  The Service may also collect sensory and motion data from your smartphone  in order to calculate and detect driving events. This information may be shared with third party partners for marketing  research  analytic and other purposes. If you want to bound the access of the app to your sensory and motion data  please adjust the settings in your device.  In order to operate  maintain and provide you features and functionality of the Service  we may collect and storage data when you message other members of your Groups. Also  when you connect with us through social media  we may receive such information as public profile data  contacts and any other data you allow your social network to share. The data we receive  may be restricted by you  when adjusting your privacy settings with the social network.  Log Data  We want to inform you that whenever you use our Service  in a case of an error in the app we collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device IP address  device name  operating system version  the configuration of the app when utilizing our Service  the time and date of your use of the Service  and other statistics.  Cookies  Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device's internal memory.  This Service does not use these cookies explicitly. However  the app may use third party code and libraries that use cookies to collect information and improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies  you may not be able to use some portions of this Service.   The Purpose of Collecting Your Personal Data – Our mission is to constantly improve our Service and provide new features. We use collected data to:   Provide the requested service  Improve  test and monitor the effectiveness of the Service  Provide interest-based advertising or other targeted content  For Communication  To prevent spam  fraud and enforce of law    Sharing Collected Information – We may share the collected data with third parties only for purposes described under this Privacy Policy. We will not rent or sell your personal data to third parties. We may  however  share information like cookies  log files  device identifiers and location data  with third party organizations that provide automatic data processing technologies for the Service.  We may also share certain information such as cookie data  with third parties  for advertising purposes.  The Service may contain links to third-party services  or you may access the Service from a third-party site. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of these sites or services linked to or from our Service  including the information or content contained within them.  Service Providers  We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:   To facilitate our Service;  To provide the Service on our behalf;  To perform Service-related services; or  To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.   We want to inform our users of this Service that these third parties have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However  they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.  Security  We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information  thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it.  We take reasonable and appropriate measures to protect personal information from loss  misuse  unauthorized access  disclosure  alteration and destruction  taking into account the risks involved in the processing and nature of the personal information. We implement appropriate technical and organizational measures to assure data-protection principles and encryption with strong algorithms.  Unfortunately  no method of transmission over the internet  or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable  and we cannot guarantee its absolute security. If your personal data is compromised by a breach of security  we will promptly notify you in compliance with applicable law.  Links to Other Sites  This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link  you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore  we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content  privacy policies  or practices of any third-party sites or services.   California Privacy Rights – Residents of State of California (USA) have the right to request a list of all the third parties to whom our Service may disclose certain personal information (in accordance with the laws of State of California) for the purpose of marketing and advertising. If you are a resident of the State of California and wan to receive such a list  please contact us at [email protected] When submitting such a request  please include in the Subject Line California Privacy Rights  as well as your name  address  city  state and zip code. You must be able to confirm that you are a resident of the State of California (USA) and provide all required details.  Children’s Privacy  The Service allows parents and/or guardians to keep track of their children’s location on mobile devices that the Parent has added to the Family account. The Service is intended to be used by children  only with the consent of parents/guardians. If so  the child’s personal information  including name  surname  email and geolocation will be shared with other members of the Groups. The Service may collect  use  disclose and store the child’s personal information.  However  a parent may restrict the usage and disclosure of personal information of their child by contacting us at [email protected]   Changes to This Privacy Policy  We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus  you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.   © Copyright VGFIT LLC 2018. All rights reserved   Our Apps   Six Pack Abs  Fitness & Bodybuilding  Female Fitness  Yoga VGFIT  Go Pedometer  Smart Cycle Alarm PRO  7 Minutes Workout  Timer Pro Available On    App Store   Google Play  Facebook  Twitter  Instagram  YouTube    American Express  MasterCard  Visa  PayPal    