   Privacy Policy for Sworkit by Nexercise  Inc    Effective as of July 15  2020.   Introduction   If you have not already  please read our Terms of Service .  They accompany this Privacy Policy and must both be read.  Subject to the next paragraph  we ask that you not send us  and you do not disclose  any sensitive Personal Data (e.g.  social security numbers  information related to racial or ethnic origin  political opinions  religion or other beliefs  health  biometrics or genetic characteristics  criminal background or trade union membership) on or through the Site  our Applications  or Services (the “Nexercise Properties”) or otherwise to us.  If you send or disclose any Personal Data to us when you submit user-generated content to the Nexercise Properties  you consent to our processing and use of such Personal Data in accordance with this policy.  If you do not consent to our processing and use of such Personal Data  you must not submit such user generated content to the Nexercise Properties.  We provide additional information for individuals located in the European Union  European Economic Area  and United Kingdom (collectively  “Europe” or “European”) in Section 14 below.  We provide additional information for California residents in Section 15 below.   Definitions   Throughout this document  we may use certain words or phrases  and it is important that you understand the meaning of them. The following is a non-exhaustive list of definitions of words and phrases found in this document:   “App(s)” refers to our mobile and web applications made available to you through Apple iTunes  Google Play  the Apple TV App Store  the Android Marketplace  and the world wide web  including the Nexercise App and the Sworkit App;  “Nexercise” refers to our company  known as “Nexercise  Inc.”; our Site; our Apps; our Service; or a combination of all or some of the preceding definitions  depending on the context in which the word is used;  “Privacy Policy” refers to this Privacy Policy;  “Service” refers to the services that we provide  including our Apps  our Site  and referring you to third parties that provide good and services you may be interested in;  “Site” refers to any website controlled by us where this privacy policy appears  including www.nexercise.com and www.sworkit.com ;  “User” refers to users of our Apps and visitors to our Site;  “You ” refers to you  the person who is governed by this Privacy Policy.    Information We Collect   “Personal Data” means data that allows someone to identify or contact you  including  for example  your name  address  telephone number  e-mail address  as well as any other non-public information about you that is associated with or linked to any of the foregoing data. “Anonymous Data” means data that is not associated with or linked to your Personal Data; Anonymous Data does not  by itself  permit the identification of individual persons. We collect Personal Data and Anonymous Data  as described below.  Information You Provide to Us   We may collect Personal Data from you  such as your first and last name  gender  e-mail and mailing addresses  professional title  company name  and password when you create an account to log in to our network (“ Account ”).  If you use our Services on your mobile device  including through our App(s)  we may collect your phone number and the unique device id number.  If you tell us where you are (e.g.  by allowing your mobile device to send us your location)  we may collect data about your location that we use to better understand where and how our service is being used. If you want to deactivate this feature  you can either uninstall the App(s) or deactivate location sharing on your mobile device.  When connecting to our Services via a service provider that uniquely identifies your mobile device  we may receive this identification and use it to offer extended services and/or functionality.  Certain Services may require our collection of your phone number. We may associate that phone number to your mobile device identification information.  When you order products or services on our Site  we will collect all information necessary to complete the transaction  including your name  credit card information  billing information and shipping information.  We retain information on your behalf  such as files and messages that you store using your Account.  If you provide us feedback or contact us via e-mail  we will collect your name and e-mail address  as well as any other content included in the e-mail  in order to send you a reply. This information may be shared with third parties who help process and fulfill your purchases. When you submit credit card numbers  we encrypt that information using industry standard technology.  When you post content (text  images  photographs  messages  comments or any other kind of content that is not your e-mail address) on our Site or in our Apps  the information contained in your posting will be stored in our servers and other users will be able to see it  along with your profile photo and any other information that you choose to make available on your profile page ( “Profile” ). The information that you provide in your Profile will be visible to the other users that you choose to connect with through the Site or App(s).  When you post messages on the message boards of our Site or App(s)  the information contained in your posting will be stored on our servers and other users will be able to see it.  When you participate in one of our surveys  we may collect additional profile information.  We also collect other types of Personal Data that you provide to us voluntarily  such as your operating system and version  product registration number  and other requested information if you contact us via e-mail regarding support for the Services.  If you participate in a sweepstakes  contest or giveaway on our Site or through our App(s)  we may ask you for your e-mail address and/or home number (to notify you if you win or not). We may also ask for first and last names  and sometimes post office addresses to verify your identity. In some situations we may need additional information as a part of the entry process  such as a prize selection choice. These sweepstakes and contests are voluntary. We recommend that you read the rules for each sweepstakes and contest that you enter.   Information You Provide to Facebook and Other Social Networking Sites  The Services allow users to access Facebook to interact with friends and to share on Facebook through Wall and friends’ News Feeds. If you are already logged into the Services and Facebook or another SNS  when you click on “Connect with Facebook ” or a similar connection on another SNS  you will be prompted to merge your profiles. If you are already logged into the Services but not logged into Facebook or another SNS that we support  when you click on “Connect with Facebook ” or a similar connection on another SNS  you will be prompted to enter your SNS credentials or to “Sign Up” for the SNS. By proceeding  you are allowing the Services to access your information and you are agreeing to the Facebook or other SNS’s Terms of Use in your use of the Services. Conversely  if you are not currently registered as a user of the Services  and you click on “Sign in” using Facebook or another SNS that we support  you will first be asked to enter your Facebook or SNS credentials and then be given the option to register for the Services. In this case  we may receive information from Facebook or another SNS to make it easier for you to create an Account on the Site and show our relevant content from your Facebook or SNS friends. Once you register on the Site and connect with Facebook or another SNS  you will be able to automatically post recent activity back to Facebook or the other SNS. Any information that we collect from your Facebook or other SNS account may depend on the privacy settings you have with that SNS  so please consult the SNS’s privacy and data practices. You have the option to disable Facebook Connect at any time by logging into your Account through the Site and going to settings  “About Me ” “Linked Accounts ” and then unselecting “Facebook.” Further  you can edit privacy settings for the reviews that appear on Facebook or disconnect your Services activity stream by visiting the Facebook Applications Settings page.  Information Collected via Technology   Information Collected by Our Servers . To make our Site  Apps and Services more useful to you  our servers (which may be hosted by a third party service provider) collect information from you  including your browser type  operating system  Internet Protocol ( “IP” ) address (a number that is automatically assigned to your computer when you use the Internet  which may vary from session to session)  domain name  and/or a date/time stamp for your visit.  Log Files As is true of most websites  we gather certain information automatically and store it in log files. This information includes IP addresses  browser type  Internet service provider ( “ISP” )  referring/exit pages  operating system  date/time stamp  and clickstream data. We use this information to analyze trends  administer the Site and Apps  track users’ movements around the Site and Apps  gather demographic information about our user base as a whole  and better tailor our Services to our users’ needs. For example  some of the information may be collected so that when you visit the Site  our Apps or the Services again  it will recognize you and the information could then be used to serve advertisements and other information appropriate to your interests. Except as noted in this Privacy Policy  we do not link this automatically-collected data to Personal Data.  Mobile Services . We may also collect non-Personal Data from your mobile device if you have downloaded our App(s). This information is generally used to help us deliver the most relevant information to you. Examples of information that may be collected and used include your geographic location  how you use the App(s)  and information about the type of device you use. In addition  in the event our App(s) crash on your mobile device  we will receive information about your mobile device model software version and device carrier  which allows us to identify and fix bugs and otherwise improve the performance of our App(s). This information is sent to us as aggregated information and is not traceable to any individual and cannot be used to identify an individual.  Google Analytics . We use Google Analytics to help analyze how users use the Site. As described further in our Cookie Policy  Google Analytics uses Cookies to collect information such as how often users visit the Site  what pages they visit  and what other sites they used prior to coming to the Site. We use the information we get from Google Analytics only to improve our Site and Services. Google Analytics collects only the IP address assigned to you on the date you visit the Site  rather than your name or other personally identifying information. We do not combine the information generated through the use of Google Analytics with your Personal Data. Although Google Analytics plants a persistent Cookie on your web browser to identify you as a unique user the next time you visit the Site  the Cookie cannot be used by anyone but Google. Google’s ability to use and share information collected by Google Analytics about your visits to the Site is restricted by the Google Analytics Terms of Use and the Google Privacy Policy.   Cookies  Like many online services  we use cookies to collect information. “Cookies” are small pieces of information that a website sends to your computer’s hard drive while you are viewing the website. We may use both session Cookies (which expire once you close your web browser) and persistent Cookies (which stay on your computer until you delete them) to provide you with a more personal and interactive experience on our Site. This type of information is collected to make the Site more useful to you and to tailor the experience with us to meet your special interests and needs.  See our Cookie Policy for further details.  Apple's Health App and the Apple HealthKit API  In addition  you may authorize us to sync your Sworkit workout information and collect information from your Apple iOS Health App Data. You decide what information is placed into the Health App and you can modify which specific data we can collect and access through your Health App settings.  We request access to your weight  heart rate  and active energy burned.  Additionally  we request permission to write info to active energy burned and workout type.  Your Health App Data is a part of your Personal Data. The information you provide directly in the Health App (i.e.  not through Nexercise) is governed by the Apple Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy. Personal Data from the Health App is not shared by Nexercise  Inc to third parties.  Google ID  We allow you to use your Google ID to set up an Account. If you wish to use your Google account you are taken to the Google website to login to your account and this information is then shared with us for the sole purpose of setting up your Account.  Location Information.  If you have enabled location services on your phone  we collect your location information to make a map available to the recipients of your messages showing your location. If you do not want this information collected by us  you can disable location services on your phone.   Use and Retention of Your Information   Why do we need your Personal Data?  We will only process your Personal Data in accordance with applicable data protection and privacy laws. We need certain Personal Data in order to provide you with access to the Nexercise Properties. If you created a profile or otherwise registered with us  you will have been asked to check a tick box indicating your agreement to provide this data in order to access our services  purchase our products  or view our content. This consent provides us with the legal basis we require under applicable law to process your data. You maintain the right to withdraw such consent at any time. If you do not agree to our use of your Personal Data in line with this policy  please do not use our the Nexercise Properties.  Usage . We may use your information to:   Provide the Services you request.  Enhance or improve user experience  our Site  our Apps  or our Services.  Send e-mails about our Site or our Apps  or respond to inquiries.  Send e-mails and updates about Nexercise or third parties (only stuff we think is good; no letters from Nigerian princes who need your online banking passwords and a high resolution copy of your signature to give you a million dollars).   We do not use your Personal Data for the purposes of automated decision-making.  However  we may do so in order to fulfil obligations imposed by law  in which case we will inform you of any such processing and provide you with an opportunity to object.  User Testimonials and Feedback.  We often receive testimonials and comments from users who have had positive experiences with our Services. We occasionally publish such content. When we publish this content  we may identify our users by their first and last name and may also indicate their home city. We obtain the user’s consent prior to posting his or her name along with the testimonial. We may post user feedback on the Site from time to time. We will share your feedback with your first name and last initial only. If we choose to post your first and last name along with your feedback  we will obtain your consent prior to posting you name with your feedback. If you make any comments on a blog or forum associated with our Site  you should be aware that any Personal Data you submit there can be read  collected  or used by other users of these forums  and could be used to send you unsolicited messages. We are not responsible for the personally identifiable information you choose to submit in these blogs and forums.  Creation of Anonymous Data.  We may create Anonymous Data records from Personal Data collected (excluding HealthKit Data) by the Sworkit Apps. We use this Anonymous Data to analyze request and usage patterns so that we may enhance the content of our Services and improve Site navigation. We reserve the right to use Anonymous Data for any purpose and disclose Anonymous Data to third parties in our sole discretion. We will not use or disclose to third parties user data gathered from the HealthKit API or from health-related human subject research for advertising or other use-based data mining purposes other than improving health  or for the purpose of health research. We will not use the HealthKit APIs  or any information obtained through the HealthKit APIs  to disclose or provide an end-user’s health and/or fitness information to a third party without express end user consent  and then only for purposes of enabling the third party to provide health and/or fitness services. For example  we will not share or sell an end-user’s health information collected through the HealthKit APIs to advertising platforms  data brokers or information resellers. With the explicit permission and consent of the end-user  we may share their data with third parties for medical research purposes.  Retention.  We will only retain your Personal Data as long as reasonably required for you to use the Nexercise Properties  or until you close your account (unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law  including  for example  for regulatory purposes).   Third Party Websites and Apps   Nexercise or one of its Users may post links to third party websites or apps on the Site or in the Apps. These third party websites and apps are not screened for privacy or security issues by Nexercise  and you release us from any liability for the conduct of these third party websites or apps.  Please be aware that this Privacy Policy  and any other policies in place  in addition to any amendments  does not create rights enforceable by third parties or require disclosure of any Personal Data relating to members of the Service or Site or App. Nexercise bears no responsibility for the information lawfully collected or used by any advertiser or third party website or app. Please review the privacy policy and terms of service for each site or app you visit through third party links.   Access to Your Information   Opt-out .  You may contact us anytime to opt-out of: (i) direct marketing communications; (ii) automated decision-making and/or profiling; (iii) our collection of sensitive Personal Data; (iv) any new processing of your Personal Data that we may carry out beyond the original purpose; or (v) the transfer of your Personal Data outside the EEA. Please note that your use of some of the Nexercise Properties may be ineffective upon opt-out.  You may contact us at privacy@sworkit.com or 7315 Wisconsin Avenue  Suite 400W  Bethesda  MD 20814 anytime for any other questions you may have about your Personal Data and our use of such Personal Data.   How We Share Your Personal Data   We do not share your personal information with third parties without your consent  except in the following circumstances or as described in this Privacy Policy:  Affiliates .  We may share your personal information with our corporate parent  subsidiaries  and affiliates  for purposes consistent with this Privacy Policy.  Service providers .  We may share your personal information with third party companies and individuals that provide services on our behalf or help us operate the Services (such as customer support  hosting  analytics  email delivery  marketing  and database management services). These third parties may use your personal information only as directed or authorized by us and in a manner consistent with this Privacy Policy  and are prohibited from using or disclosing your information for any other purpose.  Professional advisors . We may disclose your personal information to professional advisors  such as lawyers  bankers  auditors and insurers  where necessary in the course of the professional services that they render to us.  For compliance  fraud prevention and safety . We may share your personal information for the compliance  fraud prevention and safety purposes described above.  Our Third Party Service Providers  Throughout the course of our provision of our Service to you  we may delegate our authority to collect  access  use  and disseminate your information. For example  our web host stores the information that you provide us  and we may hire outside contractors to perform maintenance or assist us in securing our website or App.  Therefore  you grant the third parties we may use in the course of our business the same rights that you afford us under this Privacy Policy. For this reason  you hereby agree that for every authorization which you grant to us in this Privacy Policy  you also grant to any third party that we may hire  contract  or otherwise retain the services of for the purpose of operating  maintaining  repairing  or otherwise improving or preserving our website or App or their underlying files or systems.  Third Parties Designated by You  When you use the Services  the Personal Data you provide will be shared with the third parties that you designate to receive such information  including other websites  your friends  relatives and business associates. Depending on the type of access you grant to such third parties  they may also be permitted to edit the information you have provided to us and to designate others to access and edit such information. You may change your settings at any time as to who has access to your information by going to your account settings and changing your publishing options.  Users  We will share your Personal Data with other Users solely for the purpose of providing the Services.  Affiliates  We may share some or all of your Personal Data with our parent company  subsidiaries  joint ventures  or other companies under a common control (“ Affiliates ”)  in which case we will require our Affiliates to honor this Privacy Policy.  Corporate Restructuring  We may share some or all of your Personal Data in connection with or during negotiation of any merger  financing  acquisition or dissolution transaction or proceeding involving sale  transfer  divestiture  or disclosure of all or a portion of our business or assets. In the event of an insolvency  bankruptcy  or receivership  Personal Data may also be transferred as a business asset. If another company acquires our company  business  or assets  that company will possess the Personal Data collected by us and will assume the rights and obligations regarding your Personal Data as described in this Privacy Policy.  Social Networking Sites  Some of our Apps and Services may enable you to post content to SNSs (e.g.  Facebook or Twitter). If you choose to do this  we will provide information to such SNSs in accordance with your elections. You acknowledge and agree that you are solely responsible for your use of those websites and that it is your responsibility to review the terms of use and privacy policy of the third party provider of such SNSs. We will not be responsible or liable for: (i) the availability or accuracy of such SNSs; (ii) the content  products or services on or availability of such SNSs; or (iii) your use of any such SNSs.  Disclosure to Third Party Companies  We may enter into agreements with companies that provide our Services by way of a co-branded or private-labeled website or companies that offer their products and/or services on our website ( “Third Party Companies” ). A Third Party Company may want access to Personal Data that we collect from its customers.  AS A RESULT  WE MAY PROVIDE YOUR PERSONAL DATA TO A THIRD PARTY COMPANY. BECAUSE WE DO NOT CONTROL THE PRIVACY PRACTICES OF THESE THIRD PARTY COMPANIES  YOU SHOULD READ AND UNDERSTAND THEIR PRIVACY POLICIES.  NOTICE TO CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS – YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS  (AS PROVIDED BY CALIFORNIA CIVIL CODE SECTION 1798.83)  A CALIFORNIA RESIDENT WHO HAS PROVIDED PERSONAL DATA TO A BUSINESS WITH WHOM HE/SHE HAS ESTABLISHED A BUSINESS RELATIONSHIP FOR PERSONAL  FAMILY  OR HOUSEHOLD PURPOSES (A “CALIFORNIA CUSTOMER”) MAY REQUEST INFORMATION ABOUT WHETHER THE BUSINESS HAS DISCLOSED PERSONAL DATA TO ANY THIRD PARTIES FOR THE THIRD PARTIES’ DIRECT MARKETING PURPOSES. IN GENERAL  IF THE BUSINESS HAS MADE SUCH A DISCLOSURE OF PERSONAL DATA  UPON RECEIPT OF A REQUEST BY A CALIFORNIA CUSTOMER  THE BUSINESS IS REQUIRED TO PROVIDE A LIST OF ALL THIRD PARTIES TO WHOM PERSONAL DATA WAS DISCLOSED IN THE PRECEDING CALENDAR YEAR  AS WELL AS A LIST OF THE CATEGORIES OF PERSONAL DATA THAT WERE DISCLOSED. CALIFORNIA CUSTOMERS MAY REQUEST FURTHER INFORMATION ABOUT OUR COMPLIANCE WITH THIS LAW BY E-MAILING LEGAL@NEXERCISE.COM. PLEASE NOTE THAT WE ARE REQUIRED TO RESPOND TO ONE REQUEST PER CALIFORNIA CUSTOMER EACH YEAR AND WE ARE NOT REQUIRED TO RESPOND TO REQUESTS MADE BY MEANS OTHER THAN THROUGH THIS E-MAIL ADDRESS.  Profile  Certain portions of the information you provide to us may also be displayed in your Profile. As an essential element of the Services  most of the Personal Data you explicitly provide to us when you register or update your Profile is displayed on your Profile. Once displayed on your Profile  that information can be collected and used by your friends. We cannot control who reads your postings or what other users may do with the information that you voluntarily post  so it is very important that you do not put Personal Data in your posts. Once you have posted information  while you will still be able to edit and delete it on the Site  you will not be able to edit or delete such information cached  collected  and stored elsewhere by others (e.g.  search engines).  Legal Purposes  In cases where there is a bona fide legal dispute with you we will disclose information as directed by the law. Please make sure you use our Service only for legal purposes.   Opting Out   Email . By providing information to the Site and the App that forms the basis of communication with you  such as contact information  you waive all rights to file complaints concerning unsolicited email from Nexercise since  by providing such information  you agree to receive communication from us and anyone else covered under this Privacy Policy. However  if you ask us to remove you from our list  we’ll be happy to do it. Despite your indicated e-mail preferences  we may send you service related communications  including notices of any updates to our Terms of Use or Privacy Policy.  Cookies  If you decide at any time that you no longer wish to accept Cookies from our Service for any of the purposes described above  then you can instruct your browser  by changing its settings  to stop accepting Cookies or to prompt you before accepting a Cookie from the websites you visit. Consult your browser’s technical information. If you do not accept Cookies  however  you may not be able to use all portions of the Service or all functionality of the Service. If you have any questions about how to disable or modify Cookies  please let us know at the contact information provided above.  De-Linking SNS  If you decide at any time that you no longer wish to have your SNS account (e.g.  Facebook) linked to your Account  then you may de-link the SNS account in the “preferences” section in your account settings. You may also manage the sharing of certain Personal Data with us when you connect with us through an SNS  such as through Facebook Connect. Please refer to the privacy settings of the SNS to determine how you may adjust our permissions and manage the interactivity between the Services and your social media account or mobile device.  Changing or Deleting Your Personal Data  You may change any of your Personal Data in your Account by editing your profile within your Account or by sending an e-mail to us at the e-mail address set forth below. You may request deletion of your Personal Data by us  and we will use commercially reasonable efforts to honor your request  but please note that we may be required to keep such information and not delete it (or to keep this information for a certain time  in which case we will comply with your deletion request only after we have fulfilled such requirements). When we delete any information  it will be deleted from the active database  but may remain in our archives. We may also retain your information for fraud prevention or similar purposes.  Applications  You can stop all collection of information by the App(s) by uninstalling the App(s). You may use the standard uninstall processes as may be available as part of your mobile device or via the mobile application marketplace or network.   Security Measures   We take certain measures to enhance the security of our Site  our Apps  and Service  such as the use of SSL Certificates. It is in our interest to keep our website and App secure  but we recommend that you use anti-virus software  firewalls  and other precautions to protect yourself from security threats.  However  security risk is inherent in all internet and information technologies and we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information.   Minors   We do not intentionally gather Personal Data from visitors who are under the age of 13.  If a child under 13 submits Personal Data to us and we learn that the Personal Data is the information of a child under 13  we will attempt to delete the information as soon as possible.  If you believe that we might have any Personal Data from a child under 13  please contact us at privacy@sworkit.com .  If you are a User who is reported in this manner  we may require you to provide suitable proof of age  such as a copy of government identification  in order to continue using our Site  our App  and/or Service.   International Transfer   Your data  including Personal Data that we collect from you  may be transferred to  stored at and processed by us and our affiliates and other third parties outside the country in which you reside  including  but not limited to the United States  where data protection and privacy regulations may not offer the same level of protection as in other parts of the world. By using the Nexercise Properties and your checking of a tick box indicating your agreement to this transfer  you agree to this transfer  storing or processing. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this policy.   Amendments   Like our Terms of Service  we may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time. When we amend this Privacy Policy  we will update this page and we will notify you by sending an e-mail to the last e-mail address you provided to us. Any changes to this Privacy Policy will be effective upon the earlier of thirty (30) calendar days following our dispatch of an e-mail notice to you or thirty (30) calendar days following our posting of notice of the changes on our Site. These changes will be effective immediately for new users of our Service. If you do not wish to permit changes in our use of your Personal Data  you must notify us prior to the effective date of the changes that you wish to deactivate your Account with us. Continued use of our Apps  Site or Service  following notice of such changes means that you agree with those changes.   Questions; Contacting Us; Reporting Violations   If you have any questions or concerns or complaints about our Privacy Policy or our data collection or processing practices  or if you want to report any security violations to us  please contact us at the following address:  Nexercise  Attn : Legal  7315 Wisconsin Avenue  Suite 400W  Bethesda  MD 20814  privacy@sworkit.com    Notice to European Users   The information provided in this “Notice to European Users” section applies only to individuals in Europe.  Personal information . References to “personal information” in this Privacy Policy are equivalent to “personal data” governed by European data protection legislation.  Controller. Nexercise  Inc. is the controller of your personal information covered by this Privacy Policy for purposes of European data protection legislation.  Legal bases for processing. We use your personal information only as permitted by law. Our legal bases for processing the personal information described in this Privacy Policy are described in the table below.  Processing purpose  Details regarding each processing purpose listed below are provided in the section above titled “Use and Retention of Your Information.”    Legal basis  To operate the Service Processing is necessary to perform the contract governing our provision of the Services or to take steps that you request prior to signing up for the Services.  If we have not entered into a contract with you  we process your personal information based on our legitimate interest in providing the Service you access and request.   To send you marketing communications  To display advertisements  For compliance  fraud prevention and safety  To create anonymous data These activities constitute our legitimate interests.  We do not use your personal information for these activities where our interests are overridden by the impact on you (unless we have your consent or are otherwise required or permitted to by law).  To comply with law    Processing is necessary to comply with our legal obligations.  With your consent    Processing is based on your consent.  Where we rely on your consent you have the right to withdraw it any time in the manner indicated when you consent or in the Service.  Use for new purposes. We may use your personal information for reasons not described in this Privacy Policy where permitted by law and the reason is compatible with the purpose for which we collected it.  If we need to use your personal information for an unrelated purpose  we will notify you and explain the applicable legal basis.  Retention  To determine the appropriate retention period for personal information  we consider the amount  nature  and sensitivity of the personal information  the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of your personal information  the purposes for which we process your personal information and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means  and the applicable legal requirements.  When we no longer require the personal information we have collected about you  we will dissociate such information from the information attached to your content.  In some circumstances  we may anonymize your personal information (so that it can no longer be associated with you)  in which case we may use this information indefinitely without further notice to you.  Your Rights  European data protection laws give you certain rights regarding your personal information.  If you are located within the European Union  you may ask us to take the following actions in relation to your personal information that we hold:   Access. Provide you with information about our processing of your personal information and give you access to your personal information.  Correct. Update or correct inaccuracies in your personal information.  Delete. Delete your personal information.  Transfer. Transfer a machine-readable copy of your personal information to you or a third party of your choice.  Restrict. Restrict the processing of your personal information.  Object. Object to our reliance on our legitimate interests as the basis of our processing of your personal information that impacts your rights. You may submit these requests by email to privacy@sworkit.com or our postal address provided above.  We may request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and process your request.  Applicable law may require or permit us to decline your request.  If we decline your request  we will tell you why  subject to legal restrictions.  If you would like to submit a complaint about our use of your personal information or our response to your requests regarding your personal information  you may contact us ( at privacy@sworkit.com or 7315 Wisconsin Avenue  Suite 400W  Bethesda  MD 20814 ) or submit a complaint to the data protection regulator in your jurisdiction.  You can find your data protection regulator here .  Cross-Border Data Transfer  If we transfer your personal information out of Europe to a country not deemed by the European Commission to provide an adequate level of personal information protection  the transfer will be performed:   Pursuant to the recipient’s compliance with standard contractual clauses  EU-US Privacy Shield (or Swiss-US Privacy Shield  as applicable)  or Binding Corporate Rules  Pursuant to the consent of the individual to whom the personal information pertains  As otherwise permitted by applicable European requirements. You may contact us if you want further information on the specific mechanism used by us when transferring your personal information out of Europe.   Notice to California Residents   We are required by the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”) to provide to California residents an explanation of how we collect  use and share their personal Information  and of the rights and choices we offer California residents regarding our handling of the personal information. This notice does not apply to information related to our business contacts.  We do not sell personal information.  As we explain in this Privacy Policy  we use cookies and other tracking technologies to analyze website traffic and facilitate advertising. If you would like to opt out of our (and our third party advertising partners’) use of cookies and other tracking technologies  please review the instructions provided in the Online Tracking Opt-out Guide. Our platform allows users to direct us to share their information with Providers with whom they wish to connect.  In addition to the information in our Privacy Policy  the following chart further describes our privacy practices with respect individuals whose information is governed by the CCPA.  Personal information we collect    CCPA-defined categories (click here for details)    Sources of personal information    Purposes for which we may collect and use the personal information    Data sharing  Name  address  email address  telephone number  profile photo  employer information  IP address  or other similar identifiers  or transactions information    Identifiers You  Our business partners  Our business clients  Service delivery  Research & development  Marketing  Compliance & Operations  Advertising partners  Service-related third parties  Professional advisors  Authorities and others  Business transferees   Records of products or services requested or considered    Commercial Information You  Business partners  Service delivery  Research & development  Marketing  Compliance & Operations  Affiliates  Service-related third parties  Professional advisors  Authorities and others  Business transferees   Cookies  IP address  device IDs  email address    Online Identifiers You  Our clients  Service delivery  Research & development  Marketing  Compliance & Operations  Affiliates  Service-related third parties  Professional advisors  Authorities and others  Business transferees   Browsing history and information regarding interaction with the web site    Internet or Network Information You  Automatic collection  Service delivery  Research & development  Marketing  Compliance & Operations  Affiliates  Service-related third parties  Professional advisors  Authorities and others  Business transferees   Profile reflecting your preferences  characteristics  behavior  attitudes  abilities  and aptitudes.    Inferences You  Business partners  Enhancing user experience  None   sex  gender identity and expression  sexual orientation  age    Protected Classification Characteristics You  Enhancing user experience through the profile  None   Weight    Physical Description You    None   Please note that we may also disclose all personal information to service providers  to comply with law  in connection with compliance  fraud prevention and safety purposes  or in connection with a business transfer. For additional information  visit the section of our Privacy Policy entitled “How We Share Your Personal Information.”  Privacy Rights .  Except as excluded above  the CCPA grants California residents the following rights: Information . You can request information about how we have collected  used and shared your personal information during the past 12 months. We have made this this information available to California residents without having to request it by including it in this Privacy Policy  in the chart above.    Access . You can request a copy of the personal information that we maintain about you.  Deletion . You can ask us to delete the personal information that we collected or maintain about you.   Please note that the CCPA limits these rights by  for example  prohibiting us from providing certain sensitive information in response to an access request and limiting the circumstances in which we must comply with a deletion request.  If we deny your request  we will communicate our decision to you.  You are entitled to exercise the rights described above free from discrimination.  How to Submit a Request .  To request access to or deletion of personal information:   Call: 800 219-0713 Ext. 104  Email: privacy@sworkit.com   Identity verification. The CCPA requires us to verify the identity of the individual submitting a request to access or delete personal information before providing a substantive response to the request.  We may attempt to verify your identify by asking you to confirm information that we have on file about you or your interactions with us.  Where we ask for additional personal information to verify your identity  we will only use it to verify your identity or your authority to make the request on behalf of another consumer.  Authorized agents. California residents can empower an “authorized agent” to submit requests on their behalf.  We will require the authorized agent to have a written authorization confirming that authority.    ONLINE TRACKING OPT-OUT GUIDE  Like many companies online  we use services that use tracking technology. These services rely on tracking technologies – such as cookies and web beacons – to collect directly from your device information about your browsing activities  your interactions with websites  and the device you are using to connect to the Internet.  There are a number of ways to opt out of having your online activity and device data collected through these services  which we have summarized below:   Blocking cookies in your browser .  Most browsers let you remove or reject cookies  including cookies used for interest-based advertising.  To do this  follow the instructions in your browser settings.  Many browsers accept cookies by default until you change your settings.  For more information about cookies  including how to see what cookies have been set on your device and how to manage and delete them  visit www.allaboutcookies.org .  Blocking advertising ID use in your mobile settings .  Your mobile device settings may provide functionality to limit use of the advertising ID associated with your mobile device for interest-based advertising purposes.  Using privacy plug-ins or browsers .  You can block our websites from setting cookies used for interest-based ads by using a browser with privacy features  like Brave   or installing browser plugins like Privacy Badger   Ghostery or uBlock Origin   and configuring them to block third party cookies/trackers.  Advertising industry opt-out tools .  You can also use these opt-out options to limit use of your information for interest-based advertising by participating companies:   Digital Advertising Alliance: http://optout.aboutads.info  Network Advertising Initiative: http://optout.networkadvertising.org/?c=1    Note that because these opt-out mechanisms are specific to the device or browser on which they are exercised  you will need to opt-out on every browser and device that you use.    Last Modified: July 15  2020  