  Breathe App  Terms and Conditions  Please read these Terms and Conditions (Terms  Terms and Conditions) carefully before using the Breathe app from Jatra Ltd. (Jatra). Your access to and use of the app is conditional on your acceptance of and compliance with these Terms. These Terms apply to all users of the app. By using the app you agree to be bound by these Terms. If you disagree with any part of the terms then you may not access the app. We are offering you this app to use for your own personal use without cost  but you should be aware that you're not allowed to copy  or modify the app  any part of the app  or our trademarks in any way. You're not allowed to attempt to extract the source code of the app  and you also shouldn't try to translate the app into other languages  or make derivative versions. The app itself  and all the trade marks  copyright  database rights and other intellectual property rights related to it  still belong to Jatra. You acknowledge and agree that Jatra shall not be responsible or liable  directly or indirectly  for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of the app. The app may contain links to third-party web sites or services that are not owned or controlled by Jatra. Jatra has no control over  and assumes no responsibility for  the content  privacy policies  or practices of any third party web sites or services. You further acknowledge and agree that Jatra shall not be responsible or liable  directly or indirectly  for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content  goods or services available on or through any such web sites or services. Jatra is committed to ensuring that the app is as useful and efficient as possible. For that reason  we reserve the right to make changes to the app or to charge for its services  at any time and for any reason. We will never charge you for the app or its services without making it very clear to you exactly what you're paying for. Jatra may use external services to monitor the usage of the app. The collection of usage data is covered by the privacy policy. Acceptance of these terms is consenting to the collection of data complying with the privacy policy. Jatra will not colelct any data not otherwise covered. The app is currently available only on Android – the requirements for the app (and for any additional systems we decide to extend the availability of the app to) may change  and you'll need to download the updates if you want to keep using the app. Jatra does not promise that it will always update the app so that it is relevant to you and/or works with the Android version that you have installed on your device. However  you promise to always accept updates to the application when offered to you. We may also wish to stop providing the app  and may terminate use of it at any time without giving notice of termination to you. Unless we tell you otherwise  upon any termination  (a) the rights and licences granted to you in these terms will end; (b) you must stop using the app  and (if needed) delete it from your device. We reserve the right  at our sole discretion  to modify or replace these Terms at any time. If a revision is material we will try to provide at least 30 days' notice prior to any new terms taking effect.What constitutes a material change will be determined at our sole discretion. If you have any questions about these Terms  please contact us. Breathe App  Privacy Policy Jatra Ltd. (Jatra) built the Breathe app as a free app. The app is provided by Jatra at no cost and is intended for use as is. If you choose to use the app  then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. Any Personal Information that we collect is used for providing and improving the app. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this privacy policy. The terms used in this privacy policy have the same meanings as in our terms and conditions  unless otherwise defined in this privacy policy. For a better experience  while using the app  we may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information. The information that we request will be retained by us and used as described in this privacy policy. The app uses third party services that may collect information used to identify you. Firebase Analytics  In a case of an error in the app we collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone called to analyze the error. This data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (IP) address  device name  operating system version  the configuration of the app when utilizing the app  the time and date of your use of the app  and other statistics. This app does not use cookies explicitly  but the app may use third party code and libraries that use cookies to collection information and to improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse cookies  you may not be able to use some portions of this app. We may employ third-party companies and individuals to facilitate the app  to provide the app on our behalf  to perform app-related services  or to assist us in analyzing how the app is used. These third parties may have access to your Personal Information to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. These third parties are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose. We strive to use all commercially acceptable means of protecting any sensitive data. However  remember that no method of transmission over the internet  or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable  and we cannot guarantee its absolute security. We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus  you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page. If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy  do not hesitate to contact us. 