   Toggle navigation  Terms  Privacy  Support    PRIVACY POLICY  Throwdown Labs  Inc. (“Throwdown”  “Keelo”  “We”  “Us”  or “Our”) is concerned about your privacy and wants you to be familiar with how we collect  use and share your information. Our Privacy Policy applies to all visitors  users  and others who access the Service (“Users”).  By using our Service  you understand and agree that we are providing a platform for you to post content  including photos  comments and other materials (as more specifically defined in the Terms of Service  “User Content”)  to the Service and to share User Content publicly. This means that other Users may search for  see  use  or share any of your User Content that you make publicly available through the Service  consistent with the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service (located at keelo.com/tos ).   INFORMATION WE COLLECT Throwdown collects some or all of the following information whenever you sign up for or use the various Throwdown services  including  but not limited to  the Website and Application. Capitalized terms not defined in this Privacy Policy are defined in our Terms of Service. By using the Service  you expressly consent to the processing of your Personal Information according to this Privacy Policy.   Personal Information (“Personal Information”) you provide directly to us:   Your username  password  phone number  and e-mail address when you register for a Throwdown account.  Profile information that you provide for your user profile (e.g.  first and last name  picture  profile description). This information allows us to help you or others be discovered on Throwdown.  User Content (e.g.  photos  videos  comments  and other materials) that you post to the Service.  Communications between you and Throwdown. For example  we may send you Service-related emails (e.g.  account verification  changes/updates to features of the Service  technical and security notices). Note that you may not opt out of Service-related e-mails. Finding others on Throwdown:   If you choose  you can find your friends or other Users on Throwdown by providing us access to your (i) contacts list or (ii) third-party social media accounts. You may also search for names or usernames directly on Throwdown.  If you choose to find other Users through your device's contacts list  then Throwdown will access your contacts list to determine whether or not someone associated with your contact is using Throwdown.  If you choose to find your friends through  third-party social media account(s)  then you will be prompted to set up a link to the third-party service  and you understand that any information that such service may provide to us will be governed by this Privacy Policy.  If you choose to find your friends through a search of names or usernames on Throwdown  then simply type a name to search and we will perform a search on our Service.  Note about “Invite” feature: If you choose to invite someone to the Service through our “Invite” feature  you may select a person directly from the contacts list on your device and send a text or email from your personal account. You understand and agree that you are responsible for any charges that apply to communications sent from your device  and because this invitation is coming directly from your personal account  Throwdown does not have access to or control this communication. Metadata:   Users may also add descriptive data to their User Content by prefixing keywords and usernames with hashtags(“#”) and at-signs(“@”).  They may also geotag User Content with location information  such as GPS latitude and longitude.  These metadata make User Content more searchable and interactive on Throwdown.  You understand and agree that other Users may provide these metadata on User Content  in which you may be directly referenced or geotagged. Device identifiers  cookies  and other similar technologies:   As you access and/or use the Service  we may collect certain information  such as your unique device identifiers  your content preferences  and the GPS locations from which you consume or provide User Content.  The analysis of these data helps us improve our Service.  When you use a mobile device like a tablet or smartphone to access our Service  we may access  collect  monitor  store on your device  and/or remotely store one or more device identifiers. Device identifiers are small data files stored on or associated with your mobile device  which uniquely identify your mobile device.  A device identifier may deliver information to us or to a third party partner about how you browse and use the Service and may help us or others provide reports or personalized content and ads.  When you use the Service  we may use cookies and similar technologies like pixels  web beacons  and local storage to collect information about how you use Throwdown.  We may ask advertisers or other partners to serve ads or services to your devices  which may use cookies or similar technologies placed by us or the third party.  You expressly consent to our use of device identifiers  cookies  and similar technologies when you use our Services. If you choose to disable access  some areas of our Service may not work properly. Logging and Analytics:   When you use our Service  we automatically log certain information. They may include but not limited to: your specific requests  Internet Protocol (IP) address  browser type  device type  referring/exit pages and URLs  number of clicks and how you interact with links on the Service  domain names  landing pages  pages viewed  and other such information.  We may also collect similar information from emails sent to our Users to help us track e-mail engagement rates and which links are clicked.  We use third-party analytics tools to help us measure traffic and usage trends for our Service. These tools collect information sent by your device or our Service  including the webpages you visit  add-ons  and other information that assists us in improving the Service. We collect and use this analytics information and combine it with analytics information from other Users  so that it cannot reasonably be used to identify any particular individual User.    HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION  THROWDOWN WILL NEVER USE ANY DATA COLLECTED FROM APPLE HEALTHKIT FOR ADVERTISING OR OTHER USE-BASED DATA MINING PURPOSES OTHER THAN FOR IMPROVING HEALTH MANAGEMENT  AND THEN ONLY WITH YOUR EXPLICIT PERMISSION.  We may use your Personal Information (and their anonymized versions) to:  Help you efficiently use our Service  such as remembering your login information  Provide personalized content and information to you and others  which could include online ads or other forms of marketing  Better understand how our Service is used by monitoring metrics  such as total number of visitors  traffic  and demographic patterns  Provide  improve  test  and monitor the effectiveness of our Service  Develop and test new products and features  Diagnose or fix technology problems  Respond to any customer service or feedback requests as submitted through the Service  Send you e-mail  SMS text  push or other notifications related to the use of our Service  Automatically update the Throwdown application on your device(s)  Run contests  special offers or other events or activities (Events) on the Service. SHARING OF YOUR INFORMATION  THROWDOWN WILL NEVER SHARE ANY DATA COLLECTED FROM APPLE HEALTHKIT WITH THIRD PARTIES FOR ADVERTISING OR OTHER USE-BASED DATA MINING PURPOSES OTHER THAN FOR IMPROVING HEALTH MANAGEMENT  AND THEN ONLY WITH YOUR EXPLICIT PERMISSION.   Parties with whom Throwdown may share your information:   We will share your Personal Information with third parties to fulfill any of your specific requests for services or products (e.g.  our Vendor Partners and their payment processing services providers) (“Service Providers”).  We may share your Personal Information with third parties who perform services for us or on our behalf (e.g.  our payment processor or our service providers who provide support for the Service). These third parties are required not to use your Personal Information other than to provide the services requested by Throwdown.  You expressly consent to the sharing of your Personal Information with these third parties.  We may share some or all of your Personal Information with our affiliated companies (“Affiliates”)  in which case we will require our Affiliates to honor this Privacy Policy.  We may also share certain information such as cookie data with third-party advertising partners. This information would allow third-party ad networks to  among other things  deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of interest to you.  We may create anonymous information (“Anonymous Information”) records from Personal Information by excluding information (such as your name) that makes the information personally identifiable to you. Throwdown reserves the right to use and disclose Anonymous Information to third parties in its discretion. Parties with whom you or other Users may choose to share your User Content:   Any information or content that you voluntarily disclose for posting to the Service  such as User Content  becomes available to the public  as controlled by any applicable privacy settings that you set. Once you have shared User Content or made it public  that User Content may be re-shared by others.  Subject to your profile and privacy settings  any User Content that you make public is searchable by other Users.  If you remove information that you posted to the Service  they may remain viewable in cached and archived copies. In the event of a sale or change in control of Throwdown:   If our company or our assets are acquired by another company  that company will possess the Personal Information collected by us and it will assume the rights and obligations regarding your Personal Information as described in this Privacy Policy. Responding to legal requests and preventing harm:   We may disclose your Personal Information if we believe in good faith that such disclosure is necessary (a) to comply with relevant laws or to respond to subpoenas or warrants served on Throwdown; or (b) to protect and defend the rights  property or safety of Throwdown or our Users.  We may also access  preserve and share information when we have a good faith belief it is necessary to: detect  prevent or address fraud or other suspected or actual illegal activity.  FEEDBACK If you provide feedback on any of our Services  we may use such feedback for any commercially reasonable purpose. Throwdown will collect any information contained in such communication and will treat the Personal Information in such communication in accordance with this Privacy Policy.   HOW WE STORE AND PROCESS YOUR INFORMATION   Your information collected through the Service may be stored and processed in the United States or any other country in which Throwdown  its Affiliates  or Service Providers maintain facilities.  By registering for and using the Service you consent to the transfer of information to the U.S. or to any other country in which Throwdown  its Affiliates or Service Providers maintain facilities and the use and disclosure of information about you as described in this Privacy Policy.  Throwdown  its Affiliates  or Service Providers may transfer information that we collect about you  including Personal Information  across borders and from your country or jurisdiction to other countries or jurisdictions around the world. If you are located in the European Union or other regions with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from U.S. law  please note that we may transfer information  including Personal Information  to a country and jurisdiction that does not have the same data protection laws as your jurisdiction.  We use commercially reasonable measures and safeguards to maintain the security of your Personal Information. For example  we may require you to enter a password to access your personal account. While Throwdown has numerous safety features and processes to reduce the risk of unauthorized data access  Throwdown cannot ensure the security of any information while being transmitted to Throwdown or guarantee that information on the Service may not be accessed  disclosed  altered  or destroyed.  Please be advised  that the Internet  mobile devices  and other various networking communication media are not entirely secure  and your information may therefore be subject to interception or loss which is beyond our control. Accordingly  Throwdown assumes no responsibility or liability for disclosure of your information (personally identifiable or otherwise) due to errors in transmission  unauthorized third party access or other causes beyond Throwdown’s control.  You are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your unique password and account information. You are responsible for controlling access to emails  SMS text  or other communications between you and Throwdown. Please note that your privacy settings may also be affected by changes to the social media services you have connected to Throwdown. We are not responsible for the functionality  privacy  or security measures of any other organization. CHANGES TO PERSONAL INFORMATION You may change any of your other Personal Information in your account by editing your account profile through the Website or Application. You may request deletion of your Personal Information by us  but please note that we may be required (by law or otherwise) to keep this information and not delete it (or to keep this information for a certain time  in which case we will comply with your deletion request only after we have fulfilled such requirements). When we delete any information  it will be deleted from the active database  but may remain in our archives.   DELETING INFORMATION OR REVOKING PERMISSION To request your account be deleted  please email us at feedback@keelo.com . We will reply promptly. You can also change or delete much of your information by logging into your account  such as to edit your profile or delete your workout history. If you have given us permission through Apple HealthKit or Google Fit  you may revoke access through the main Apple Health or Google Fit app  respectively.   UNDERAGE PRIVACY Throwdown does not knowingly collect or solicit any information from anyone under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to register for the Service. The Service and its content are not directed at children under the age of 13. In the event that we learn that we have collected Personal Information from a child under age 13 without parental consent  we will delete that information as quickly as practicable. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 13  please email us at feedback@keelo.com .   THIRD PARTY WEBSITES AND SERVICES Links to any other websites or location  is for your convenience and does not signify our endorsement of such other website or location or its contents. When you click on such a link  you will leave our Service and go to another site. During this process  another entity may collect Personal Information or Anonymous Information from you. We have no control over  do not review  and cannot be responsible for  these outside websites or their content. Please be aware that the terms of this Privacy Policy do not apply to these outside websites or content  or to any collection of data after you click on links to such outside websites.   PRIVACY POLICY UPDATES This Privacy Policy is subject to occasional revision in accordance with our Terms of Service. In any event  changes to this Privacy Policy may affect our use of Personal Information that you provided us prior to our notification to you of the changes. Your only recourse if you do not wish to permit changes in our use of your Personal Information  is to deactivate your account by sending us notice as soon as you become aware of such changes. Continued use of the Service following our notification of such changes (either directly or publication on the Website) shall indicate your acknowledgement of such changes and agreement to be bound by the terms and conditions of such changes.   CONTACT US Should you have any questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy  please contact us at feedback@keelo.com .    